Company: Guidehouse


Job Title: Partner Success Analyst




What You Will Do:  The Partner Services team is responsible for the ensuring that all GrantSolutions Partners can successfully manage their grants business using our system and service offerings. We bring value to their business by offering strategic guidance on grants business processes, policies and regulations, understanding business needs and offering creative solutions, and ensuring the successful end-to-end processing of grants from application to award.

Having a comprehensive understanding of and documenting the Federal Partner’s grants management business and operational objectives to include roles and responsibilities, grants business functions, workflows, reports, and unique needs.

Identifying Federal Partner’s specific business process improvements and potential Grant Solutions systems/service enhancements.

Assisting the team with pertinent communications to Federal Partners as it relates to their business process, system updates, or other grants management news.

Assisting the team lead to implement the Partner-specific strategy.

Learning the ins and outs of the software system in order to provide technical troubling-shooting and problem-solving expertise.

Becoming a Subject Matter Expert (SME) on system components in order to fully service the Federal Partner's needs in the forms of technical analysis, trouble-shooting, and offering advice on future enhancements.

Identifying and resolving end-user issues or other support needs through email, phone, chat or on-site meetings.

Understanding and responding to help desk tickets, support tickets, user requests to deliver on time and quality results in conjunction with teammates.

Operational, daily issue-to-issue tracking to resolution and effective escalation as necessary.

Conducting user acceptance or system testing on behalf the Partner in support of system releases.

Analyzing release notes and impacts to Federal Partner(s).

Root cause analysis of Partner reported issues in collaboration with the Partner to drive issue resolution and remediation.

Coordinating and scheduling meetings, preparing materials, responding promptly.


What You Will Need:

Must be able to OBTAIN and MAINTAIN a Federal or DoD "PUBLIC TRUST"; candidates must obtain approved adjudication of their PUBLIC TRUST prior to onboarding with Guidehouse. Candidates with an ACTIVE PUBLIC TRUST or SUITABILITY are preferred.

Bachelor’s degree

Minimum ONE (1) year of experience in a customer facing role or the equivalent combination of education and experience

Demonstrated customer service experience and handling of customers

Strong organizational skills to use technology, resources, and time efficiently

Proficient in MS products (Excel, Word, and PowerPoint) Salesforce and Visio experience is a plus


What Would Be Nice To Have:

Technical troubleshooting experience

Strong communication skills, written and verbal

Requirements gathering/UAT experience

Documentation experience

Experience using an internal ticketing system
