Position Title: Logistics Management Specialist

Department of the Air Force
Air Force Materiel Command

1. Works with the senior specialist and/or project/program manager for a specific weapons system, subsystem, or program, analyzes installation and MAJCOM planning and programming documents to determine the nature and scope of acquisition efforts.

2. Participates in the development and coordination of assessment criteria, indicators and procedures for measuring system/equipment performance, and sustainment effectiveness on a continuing basis, and for major decision points in the lifecycle of systems/equipment.

3. Participates in contract administration ensuring compliance with contractual and funding processes and procedures used in the development and delivery of products and services.

4. Represents the senior logistics management specialist and higher-level officials at command conferences to advise on current and future status of the program.

Qualifications
Experience requirements are described in the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards for General Schedule Positions, Administrative and Management Positions. Click Here to view.

BASIC REQUIREMENT OR INDIVIDUAL OCCUPATIONAL REQUIREMENT:

General Experience: For positions for which individual occupational requirements do not specify otherwise, general experience is 3 years of progressively responsible experience, 1 year of which was equivalent to at least GS-4, that demonstrates the ability to:

Analyze problems to identify significant factors, gather pertinent data, and recognize solutions;
Plan and organize work; and
Communicate effectively orally and in writing.
Such experience may have been gained in administrative, professional, technical, investigative, or other responsible work. Experience in substantive and relevant secretarial, clerical, or other responsible work may be qualifying as long as it provided evidence of the knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSA's) necessary to perform the duties of the position to be filled. Experience of a general clerical nature (typing, filing, routine procedural processing, maintaining records, or other nonspecialized tasks) is not creditable. Trades or crafts experience appropriate to the position to be filled may be creditable for some positions.

OR
EDUCATION: Four-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree. NOTE: You must submit a copy of your transcripts.

OR
COMBINATION OF EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION: NOTE: You must submit a copy of your transcripts.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:

1. Knowledge of basic theories and principles of systems design, specifications development techniques; and an understanding of acquisition and maintenance requirements as well as organizational functions involved in logistical support.
2. Knowledge of theories and principles of Integrated Logistics Support (ILS) planning, development, and execution sufficient to coordinate and integrate functions into a total, well structured, and viable program.
3. Knowledge of system life cycle concepts and design as they apply to system research, development, and acquisition.
4. Knowledge of contractual processes, procedures, and technical requirements.
5. Ability to plan, analyze, and coordinate a system or portion of a major system's acquisition and transfer into operational use; to include the identification and correlation of specific requirements for money, manpower, materiel, facilities, and services needed to support the program; and to develop and analyze data to determine logistic objectives and goals, identify support requirements (including funding, contract development, and other
technical support requirements) and establish relationships between the participants involved in deploying the plan.
6. Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing.
