Company: Sourcewell


Job Title: Senior Solution Consultant



The Senior Solution Consultant is responsible for providing operational leadership, analytical insight, and project management across the Ventures innovation lifecycle (Discovery to Pilot to Prove to Scale). Responsibilities include developing and executing project plans, coordinating cross-functional teams, and ensuring delivery of solution development initiatives. The role partners closely with Ventures team members and leadership, contributing data-driven insights including competitive analysis while ensuring strong operational execution. Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Lead a project or area within the realm of competitor assessment, ensuring accurate analysis of competitor strengths and weaknesses, and identification of opportunities and threats.

Deliver project plans while working within an established program management plan.

Provide the means (e.g., research, ideas, solutions) to prototype innovation business cases with the potential to shape the innovation strategy, pipeline, and road map.

Define and deliver products and services that meet customer needs by selecting the best possible approaches available within established systems.

Promote a culture of innovation by creating solutions that boost creativity, innovation, and collaboration.

Conduct research using primary data sources, and select information needed for the analysis of key themes and trends.

Work within established knowledge management systems to deliver preset outcomes for an area of responsibility.

Identify shortcomings in existing processes, systems, and procedures, and use established change management programs to address them.

Develop, test, and maintain procedures and guidelines to support the organization in the implementation of, and compliance with, internal policies and/or external regulations.

Develop own capabilities by participating in assessment and development planning activities as well as formal and informal training and coaching; gain or maintain external professional accreditation, where relevant, to improve performance and fulfill personal potential. Maintain an understanding of relevant technology, external regulation, and industry best practices through ongoing education, attending conferences, and reading specialist media.


Other duties as assigned.

Additional Job Description:

Required Qualifications

Education

Bachelor’s in a related field OR a combination of post-secondary training, professional education, and related experience equivalent to four (4) years.

Experience

Four (4) years of demonstrated experience in project management, business analysis, solution development, or related roles; of which the total years of experience include:

Project management experience (PMI certified)

Experience with CRM systems such as Salesforce

Experience with reporting tools (Excel, Power BI, etc)

Public speaking or sales presentation experience

Strong communication, problem solving, and organizational skills

Location:

This is a remote position, and is subject to Sourcewell's telecommuting policies and procedures.

Must be able to meet travel requirements for this position, which is approximately five (5) times per year including occasional travel to Staples, MN for meetings, professional development or team activities. Notice will be given ahead of time.
