Company: Cority


Job Title: Technical Consultant, Risk Control Consulting Center 

Implementation Consultant I- Safety
United States
Professional Services & Customer Support – Professional Services /Remote
About Cority
Cority helps customers see and prevent risks across their operations in real time. Our EHS+ platform converges people, data, and AI agents to provide a clear view of information people can trust, automate workflows that make people more impactful, and deliver personalized insights and expertise to improve decision-making. While most solutions respond to risks one at a time, Cority helps prevent them across environmental management, employee health, safety, quality, and sustainability. For 40 years, Cority has been the market leader in EHS+, recognized by top analysts and trusted by more than 1,500 of the most complex organizations worldwide. Cority has received many awards for its strong employee culture and outstanding business performance. To learn more, visit www.cority.com. 

About the Role:
Working in isolation or as part of a team, the Implementation Consultant I understands the connections between the EHSQ suites in Cority and can
demonstrate knowledge effectively to clients. They have a keen understanding of how and why clients would use Cority software. They have a strong commitment to service excellence and stay up to date on new features. They instil confidence in clients and build meaningful trust relationships both internally and externally. They demonstrate project budget awareness, responsiveness, and professionalism, and have exceptional written and verbal communication skills. 
Primary Responsibilities:
Meet or exceed an average annual chargeable utilization of 70%.  

Act as a liaison between Cority and clients in all assigned projects and initiatives. Lead and support project implementations following pre-defined implementation methodology, which includes configuring the application, training clients, testing, and note taking.   

Work closely with the Project Management, Implementation Consultants, and Technical Consultants to form a cohesive project team.   

Interact with and support other departments (including, but not limited to, Sales, Customer Success, Customer Support, Engineering, Product).   

Establish, with the client team and Cority Project Manager, a plan for management of the project implementation including intervention where timeline milestones are being delayed or missed.   

Work predominantly remotely with some travel expected.   

Update timesheets and project bookings daily and submit timesheets for approval at the end of each week.   

Actively participates in the Cority PS Peer Training program.  

Qualifications and Characteristics of an Ideal Candidate:
A graduate of a university program in Information Technology, Occupational Health & Safety, Industrial Hygiene, Environmental Science, Sustainability, Ergonomics, Quality Management, or a related program with equivalent work experience.  

Between 1-3 years’ experience in, ideally with professional designation of (CIH, CSP, CSRP, COHN), subject matter area of this role; or, having held the Associate Consultant position at Cority for at least 12 months, must have completed one Essentials implementation and one CIM/Agile CIM implementation.
