Company: JFrog


Job Title: Senior Technical Project Manager



At JFrog, we’re reinventing DevOps to help the world’s greatest companies innovate -- and we want you along for the ride. This is a special place with a unique combination of brilliance, spirit and just all-around great people. Here, if you’re willing to do more, your career can take off. And since software plays a central role in everyone’s lives, you’ll be part of an important mission. Thousands of customers, including the majority of the Fortune 100, trust JFrog to manage, accelerate, and secure their software delivery from code to production -- a concept we call “liquid software.” Wouldn't it be amazing if you could join us in our journey?

We are looking for a Senior Technical Project Manager who will manage high-complexity projects to successful completion from initiation through delivery to closure. In this role, you will coordinate with cross-functional teams and our global customers to complete distinct projects both on time and within budget. You will be responsible for driving customer engagement operations that raise the bar for how JFrog Professional Services consultants interact with customers, resources, systems, and data to optimize engagement delivery. Project Managers need to have substantial experience managing software projects and relying on traditional systems and software development methodologies, as well as practical experience with agile project management methodologies.

The ideal candidate will possess a mix of technical consulting, and software development or DevOps project management experience . In this role, you will work cross-functionally, own several small, medium and large projects, and be committed to driving outcomes for customers by following JFrog delivery best practices and continuously improve the process.

As a Senior Technical Project Manager in JFrog you will...
Develop and manage projects from ideation through execution, including project scope, timeline, and project execution, and coordinate closely with engineers and Architects.
Proactively develop and manage a backlog of user stories or activities to drive a project forward.
Address bottlenecks, provide escalation management, anticipate and make tradeoffs and balance the business needs versus technical constraints.
Provide consistent, executive-level reporting on project status and outcomes to customers and internal stakeholders.
Demonstrate effective communication skills (both verbal and written) across all levels of the business.
Contribute to the long-term direction for optimizing project delivery in professional services.
To be a Senior Technical Project Manager in JFrog you need...
Knowledge of specific industry project management and technical delivery methodologies for software (e.g., Project Management Institute (PMI) methodologies, agile/scrum, and/or software SDLC).
Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science or related field.
Demonstrated progressive experience working as a project manager on Software Delivery or complex technical projects with enterprise customers. 
Experience using various project management and/or agile tools.
Demonstrate strong communication skills across all levels of the business from technical partners to senior leadership.
Demonstrated experience with structured thinking to proactively recognize business challenges, map business processes, gather business requirements, evaluate tools, develop roadmaps, devise/recommend solutions, and communicate complex ideas.
Self-starter attitude with the ability to work with very little guidance and direction.
Proven ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously while maintaining strict attention to detail.
Understanding of software development lifecycle, preferably experience in an agile and/or DevOps environment.
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, products, and technical challenges.
