Company: Liberty Mutual


Job Title: Technical Consultant, Risk Control Consulting Center 



Description
This role is with Risk Control Services virtual team, the Risk Control Consulting Center. Strong candidates will demonstrate high performing qualities including:

Demonstrates accountability for results, follows through on commitments, and takes ownership of outcomes.
Collaborates effectively across teams, builds strong working relationships, and contributes to shared goals.
Shows adaptability in response to changing priorities, business needs, and new opportunities.
Continuously seeks ways to improve processes, solve problems, and increase efficiency.
Embraces feedback, learns from experience, and pursues ongoing development.
Acts with a client-focused mindset, making decisions that support quality service and business value. 
Contributes positively to an inclusive, respectful, and supportive work environment.
 

Our Technical Consultants:

Provide an array of expert consultative services to clients virtually located in the United States and internationally.
Conduct virtual evaluations, evaluates data, and creates/implements service plans to control clients' source of risk, loss and/or costs.
Provide expert technical support to other Risk Control employees by advising them about resources available, legislation and applicable regulations, technology, industry trends and effective methods to reduce risk, improve customer satisfaction and demonstrate the value of doing business with Liberty Mutual.
Provide coaching, mentoring and training to enhance development of less experienced consultants
Collaborates with management in developing policies, procedures, service tools, technical resources, techniques and new products in order to support and enhance the delivery of Risk Control consulting services.
Participate in actively acquiring and retaining profitable business.
Enhance Liberty Mutual` s leadership position in the safety field and increases brand awareness by developing a network of contacts.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree with coursework in math, engineering or related areas (or equivalent) and at least 5 years of directly related consulting experience in loss prevention or progressive safety/heath field.
Candidates are typically working towards (or obtained) an advanced degree and/or professional certification in one or more of the following areas: CSP, ARM, CRM, CPCU, CIH, or CPE.
Advanced knowledge, skills and experience in a specialized field, service planning and delivery, risk assessment, risk analysis, solutions management and progress measurement.
Fully effective interpersonal, writing and other communication skills required to develop and maintain relationships with customers, peers, and industry contacts.
Demonstrated ability to retrieve and enter information using various proprietary software applications and create/modify documents and complex spreadsheets using Microsoft Office suite.
