Company: QTS Data Centers


Job Title:  Procurement Systems Data Analyst





It’s exhilarating to find yourself at a pivotal moment in history— and even more so to be leading the way. At QTS Data Centers, we are proud to stand at the forefront of today’s dynamic digital transformation. Our world-class data centers empower our customers’ most strategic growth initiatives, positioning us as a global leader in digital infrastructure.


As AI and cloud technologies fuel the demand for increased speed, capacity, and innovation, QTS has emerged as the global digital infrastructure leader. We are committed to connecting the globe for good. Driven by purpose and a spirit of innovation, we design, build, and operate some of the most advanced data centers worldwide. In addition to our cutting-edge technology, we are dedicated to sustainability, incorporating renewable energy solutions to minimize our environmental footprint and drive meaningful impact. As a proud portfolio company of Blackstone, QTS is uniquely positioned to achieve ambitious growth and innovation goals.


At QTS, we are Powered by People. Our team members are the cornerstone of our culture, innovation, and growth. They are mission-driven, resourceful, and committed to making a positive impact in the communities where we live and work. Together, we’re achieving remarkable things and shaping the future of digital infrastructure.



The Procurement Systems Data Analyst plays a crucial role in supporting day-to-day operations and future-state procurement initiatives by influencing strategic decisions through data-driven analytics and collaboration. As a Procurement Systems Data Analyst, you will be responsible for maintaining the vital integrity of data which drives business efficiency, while synchronously providing proactive communication, problem-solving abilities, and ownership. The ideal candidate will possess a combination of both technical and analytical expertise, with a strong understanding of procurement operations, systems and cloud-based applications.

RESPONSIBILITIES, other duties may be assigned.

Maintain and manage procurement databases, ensuring data integrity, consistency, and accuracy across multiple systems.
Perform data cleansing, validation, and transformation to ensure high-quality data is available for processing and key decision-making.
Assist in the development of procurement strategies by providing data-backed recommendations.
Communicate findings and insights to stakeholders in a clear and actionable manner, helping inform decision-making and strategy development.
Conduct in-depth analysis to identify trends, patterns, and opportunities for process improvement.
Provide training and support to end-users on functionalities, best practices, and data management techniques.
Continuously learn new data analysis techniques and tools to enhance data processing and visualization skills.
Perform ad-hoc analyses for principal business partners to address urgent operational and analytical needs.
Foster a collaborate environment by actively working with cross-functional teams to ensure data insights align with business objectives and strategic goals.
Ownership of cross-functional initiatives, ensuring smooth communication and efficient execution among all team members.
Stay up to date on the latest trends and feature releases to propose innovative solutions to keep business at the forefront of the industry.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Statistics, Business Analytics/Administration, or related field or equivalent professional experience.
At least 2 years of proven experience as a Data Analyst, Business Analyst, or similar role, with a focus on data analysis and visualization.
Proficiency using Oracle Fusion, Excel, Smartsheet, PowerBI, Tableau, Palantir or similar data analysis/reporting tool to manage and analyze data.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Excellent communication details with the ability to clearly and effectively translate data insights to key stakeholders across a variety of workstreams.
Familiarity with ERP systems and understanding of procurement operations, financial processes, and controls.
Proven ability to work collaboratively amongst a large and diverse array of teams with the capacity to form strong, professional relationships that drive business.
Ability to adapt to a rapidly changing and growing industry with an exhibited capability for growth and knowledge acquisition.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to interface with Senior Management.
Strong facilitation skills.
Strong communication, organization, and management skills.
Strong time management and interpersonal skills.
Ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment.

SKILLS 
Written Communication
Oracle Communication
Change Management
Attention to Detail
