Company: ADP


Job Title: Senior Implementation Consultant



ADP is hiring a Senior Implementation Consultant - HR.

Do you thrive in a results-driven and dynamic atmosphere where client success, achievement, collaboration, and agility are recognized and highly valued?
Do you have a passion for out-of-the-box thinking and a commitment to making sure clients get the most for their investments?
Are you looking for an inclusive environment with a culture of collaboration and belonging?

Well, this may be the role for you. Ready to make your mark?

In this role, you'll combine your analytic and project management skills with your ability to simplify complex information - helping clients develop the skills and confidence to use our products with ease. You'll leverage our top-ranked training programs and world-class service guidelines, along with your business consulting expertise, to create exceptional onboarding experiences for each product or service implementation.

The nature of what you do every day will not change - your #1 goal is to successfully implement clients on HCM products and services. Still, every day will be different because the questions you receive will vary, as will the solutions you provide each client. There will be no shortage of learning opportunities, which will keep things interesting, and our top-ranked training will help to set you up for success!

To thrive in this role, you have a way with clients and project team members that builds rapport, establishes trust, and shines with professionalism. You'll provide the expert support that makes our integrated solutions stand out in an increasingly competitive global marketplace. When done successfully, your client satisfaction scores and project team sentiment will make you proud. We'll also have a healthy dose of fun along the way. Not only can you find a career here, but friendships that last in a company that values inclusion.

WHAT YOU'LL DO: Responsibilities

What You Can Expect On a Typical Day

 Be a True Partner. Are you the ultimate relationship builder? You will partner with clients to truly understand their business and related needs, building long-term trust. You will become the most credible resource, focused on analyzing the client's existing systems, interface requirements, and business processes.
Collaborate and Connect. Looking for new ways to pique your business curiosity? You will stay informed and in tune with HCM capabilities, new product features, and functionality challenges that may arise across other work streams. You will be a team player who seeks to understand the business and asks questions to other members of the client project team, sales, and client service
 Think Like a Client, Act Like an Owner. Not afraid to be the owner of your domain? You will be confident in recommending and implementing the appropriate solutions to clients based on their unique needs and ADP's impressive HCM offerings. You will incorporate new processes, tools, and approaches when recommending an ADP solution.
Create and Innovate. Are you a champion of best practices and process improvement? You will adopt a lifelong learner mentality that enables your career to soar by participating in process improvement initiatives and finding new ways to improve the business. You will be the driver of innovation by pioneering new initiatives to enhance the client experience.

TO SUCCEED IN THIS ROLE: Requirements

You have at least 5 years of experience working in an implementation or business consulting environment
You have at least 2 years of experience working in Human Resources
You leverage strong client relationship skills including the ability to influence and guide the client to the best solution to help resolve their client need
You recognize project risks and proactively partner with the team to document and mitigate
You demonstrate learning agility and critical thinking skills and apply best practice concepts and experience in new implementation situation
You have excellent analytical, time management, and communication skills (verbal and written)

Required

A college degree is great but not required. What's more important is having the skills to do the job. Other acceptable experiences could include:

Experience noted above, OR
Military Experience. We recognize and appreciate the unique talents and experiences Veterans bring to the table. We value the discipline, commitment, and problem-solving abilities you developed and are excited to provide an environment where you can continue to make a meaningful impact.

BONUS POINTS FOR THESE: Preferred Qualifications

You bring industry expertise to each client solution and apply HR best practices through in-depth client consultation
You maintain focus and work effectively with multiple demands
You work both independently to provide solutions to the client and as part of a team to accomplish implementation task
You are comfortable working in a performance-based and structured environment while demonstrating high ethical standards
You're proficient in the latest web technologies with working knowledge of various operating systems
You're proficient using Microsoft Office, FinancialForce, -other relevant system-
You have highly-recognized professional certifications, such as: PMP, PgMP, PHR, SPHR, CCP, CBP, HCS
