Company: Adobe


Job Title: Senior Program Manager, GSO



At Adobe, we’re changing the world through digital experiences. As a Senior Program Manager within our Global Site Operations (GSO) team, you’ll play a pivotal role in shaping the future of Adobe’s workplace experience worldwide. This is an exciting opportunity to partner with cross-functional leaders, drive strategic global initiatives, and lead transformative vendor partnerships that impact how thousands of Adobe employees work every day.

We’re looking for a leader who thrives in complexity, brings structure to ambiguity, and drives flawless execution—while keeping collaboration, innovation, continuous learning ability, adaptability to new work domains, and accountability at the forefront.

What you'll do

Lead and deliver multiple global programs across Site Operations, ensuring seamless execution and alignment with Adobe’s business priorities.
Oversee the GSO technology stack (finance, sustainability, asset management, service requests, CRM), partnering with IFM vendor by providing thought leadership and governance
Drive innovation through automation, robotics, and AI pilots, scaling successful solutions across global operations.
Serve as the main point of contact for Corporate Adobe’s Digital Experience team and Global Safety and Security team, Brand Purpose (Sustainability) and PSXD team, working with regional Site Operations leaders to implement programs on a global scale.
Drive Financial rigor across GSO by partnering with FP&A, Technical accounting and Fixed assets and bringing in regional teams accordingly. Lead the process for Annual Planning, quarterly forecasts, analyzing variances and taking corrective action in close coordination with Sr Director, GSO and their directs
Take on additional global programs as business needs evolve in our dynamic
What you need to succeed

5+ years of program management experience (or equivalent degree + experience), ideally in Site Operations, Space Management, Facilities, or other workplace functions
Demonstrated achievement in coordinating extensive, worldwide initiatives with various collaborators and vendor partners.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to anticipate risks and deliver proactive solutions.
Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills; adept at influencing and building trust across diverse teams.
Ability to manage competing priorities, navigate ambiguity, and thrive in a fast-paced environment.
A passion for driving innovation and operational excellence at scale.
About Adobe

Adobe empowers everyone to create through innovative platforms and tools that unleash creativity, productivity and personalized customer experiences. Adobe’s industry-leading offerings including Adobe Acrobat Studio, Adobe Express, Adobe Firefly, Creative Cloud, Adobe Experience Platform, Adobe Experience Manager, and GenStudio enable people and businesses to turn ideas into impact, powered by AI and driven by human ingenuity.

Our 30,000+ employees worldwide are creating the future and raising the bar as we drive the next decade of growth. We’re on a mission to hire the very best and believe in creating a company culture where all employees are empowered to make an impact. At Adobe, we believe that great ideas can come from anywhere in the organization. The next big idea could be yours.
