Company: Foundant




Job Title: Associate Implementation Consultant - Strategic Advancement Focus





Associate Implementation Consultant - Strategic Advancement Focus
About Foundant:

At Foundant, we empower mission-driven organizations to manage their data, workflows, and impact with our comprehensive software solutions. From grant management and community foundations to process automation and data collaboration, our combined expertise supports a diverse range of organizations - from nonprofits and charitable entities to corporations and governments. 



We’ve created a powerhouse of solutions designed to meet the unique needs of organizations striving to make a difference. Together, we’re setting new standards in innovation, flexibility, and impact management by helping organizations achieve their missions more efficiently and effectively.  



Where You’ll Work:

As a remote-first workplace, we believe in offering flexibility and the freedom to work where it suits you best, while staying connected through technology. Our global network of talent is supported by physical office hubs and virtual collaboration, fostering a dynamic environment where innovation and growth thrive.
With office locations in Bozeman, MT, Toronto, Canada, and Dublin, Ireland, you'll be part of a globally connected team. Whether you're working remotely or from one of our office locations, you'll be contributing to a vibrant, collaborative culture focused on driving meaningful impact across the world.


What You’ll Do:

As a Foundant Associate Implementation Consultant (AIC), you are a key team member in the Client Delivery team responsible for driving the successful implementation of Foundant software products for new clients. The AIC is responsible for leading, training, and consulting with clients to achieve a successful delivery ensuring alignment with the client’s objectives, obtainment of ROI, and overall business value. Implementation Consultants establish and maintain a positive client experience during the implementation process through the active demonstration of Foundant’s vision, core values, and brand.

 

Key Objectives:

Directly support the successful end-to-end implementation of Foundant software solutions to new clients through effective teamwork, collaboration, and client engagement.
Develop and maintain expert knowledge of Foundant software products.
Provide clients with guidance on nonprofit sector practices.
Train new clients how to utilize Foundant software products.
Assist new clients in the configuration of their Foundant software products ensuring the most efficient business process workflows are implemented to provide the greatest business value to the new client.
Maintain a high level of communication with all levels of client interaction to ensure proactive, solution-oriented problem identification and resolution.
Follow up on tasks and projects arising from client interactions.
Support the migration of client’s historical data from multiple sources into Foundant software.
Provide clients with guidance on best practices on how to use Foundant’s solutions to support their constituency management functions. 
Assist clients in identifying and implementing functionality within Foundant’s solutions to support the client’s goals for community impact and engagement with all constituent audiences. 
Other duties as assigned.


What You’ll Need:

At least one year in philanthropy (grantmaking, scholarship making, fund accounting, or donor relations preferred) OR client and/or customer service in an SaaS company and/or related industry.
Ability to identify and adjust training to client learning styles.
Strong technical aptitude and ability to learn software programs and analyze data.
Exceptional client satisfaction driven approach.
Keen attention to detail for accuracy to deliver on internal and external customer requirements.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills to effectively communicate with internal and external stakeholders.
Excellent time management skills to handle multiple, concurrent tasks and deadlines.
Experience with embracing change in a high-growth environment.
Ability to travel occasionally (approximately 10%).
Demonstrated experience with Microsoft Excel.
Bachelor’s degree in related field preferred but not required.
Prior philanthropic experience preferred but not required.


What You’ll Bring to our Team Dynamics:

Adaptive Achievement: Juggles multiple tasks with ease, staying organized and agile, and seamlessly adjusts priorities as needed.
Productive Collaboration: Completes assignments for crossfunctional work, meets deadlines, and promptly responds to colleague requests to maintain momentum.
Service Orientation: Leverages Foundant’s processes and systems to meet clients’ service needs with a friendly and helpful approach.
Business Insight: Demonstrates comprehensive knowledge of job-relevant business functions and actively seeks opportunities to gain a more holistic view of the business.
Active Learning: Demonstrates growth by embracing new experiences and effectively applying skills learned to work and assignments.


Why You’ll Love Working at Foundant:

At the heart of everything we do is a commitment to innovation and making a positive impact. Whether you’re working on projects that empower not-for-profits, community foundations, or corporations, your contributions will help drive real-world change. 
We offer competitive salary and benefits, including tuition, and lifestyle reimbursements, and bespoke mindfulness and fitness initiatives.  
We’re committed to your professional and personal development.  With our merger, you'll have the chance to collaborate across teams, giving you exposure to diverse ideas, expertise, and projects that span multiple industries.  
As part of a larger organization, you’ll have even more opportunities to grow your career. Whether it’s exploring new roles, leadership opportunities, or shifting to a different department, we support internal mobility to help you achieve your career goals 
You’ll enjoy autonomy and responsibility, empowering you to approach your work creatively and independently, fostering innovation and independent thought. 
Employee recognition is a core part of our culture. When you do a great job, we make sure everyone knows about it!
