Company: Chartis


Job Title:  Associate, Knowledge Management





About Chartis

The challenges facing US healthcare are longstanding and all too familiar. We are Chartis, and we believe in better. We work with more than 1,900 organizations annually to develop and activate transformative strategies, operating models, and organizational enterprises that make US healthcare more affordable, accessible, safe, and human. With more than 1,450 professionals, we help providers, payers, technology innovators, retail companies, and investors create and embrace solutions that tangibly and materially reshape healthcare for the better. Our family of brands—Chartis, Jarrard, Greeley, and HealthScape Advisors—is 100% focused on healthcare and each has a longstanding commitment to helping transform healthcare in big and small ways. Believe in better.

Chartis has offices in Boston, Chicago, New York, Washington D.C., and Nashville.

Remote work is allowed.

Role Overview

The Knowledge Management Associate will be responsible for the day-to-day processes associated with maintaining the firm’s core knowledge repositories, team sites, Intranet environment, and related systems. The individual will support efforts to design, build, test, and maintain SharePoint and related O365 solutions that enrich and optimize knowledge sharing, and enable enterprise connectivity and collaboration.

Responsibilities

Manage day-to-day administration of the enterprise SharePoint environment, including setting up sites, managing permissions, ensuring data security/compliance, and troubleshooting issues.

Assist team members on various projects (e.g., project wrap-ups, data retention, routing requests, end user training)

Ensure the consistent application of enterprise taxonomy (i.e., document tagging and uploading to the knowledge base)

Participate in testing, customizing, upgrading, maintaining and/or selecting applications that optimize end-user experiences, support the firm’s knowledge management vision and integrate with the firm’s broader toolset

Identify opportunities to make more efficient use of existing KM systems (e.g., workflow optimization via use of AI agents, skills, etc.)

Answer ad hoc staff questions and provide support to staff on knowledge processes and tools

Qualifications and Desired Skills

Bachelor’s degree is required. Master’s in Library and Information Sciences (or related field) preferred

1-3 years of Knowledge Management experience, particularly in document management and curation

Proficiency in SharePoint Online administration and other Office365 applications (e.g., MS Office, OneDrive, Power Automate, Teams)

Proficiency in AI applications (e.g., Copilot, ChatGPT, Claude)

Excellent oral and written communication skills

Ability to work independently, manage deadlines, and move forward amid ambiguity

Healthcare industry experience and/or an educational background in healthcare is a plus
