Company: RESA Power


Job Title: Continuous Improvement Specialist 


Job Responsibilities  

Identify best practices and create the capabilities needed to drive a consistent process that achieves business goals across sites. 
Meet with offices and cross-functional teams to gather feedback and identify site-level needs and improvement opportunities. 
Identify solutions and best practices that can be rolled out consistently across all sites and service lines. 
Convert priorities into an actionable implementation timeline, incorporating each site’s capacity for change, and hold sites accountable to the schedule. 
Drive the development, testing, and implementation of new processes and tools, using change management practices to ensure adoption and that rollout timelines are met. 
Utilize AI-powered tools to monitor and track the progress of the rollouts and measure impact of the changes to the business. 
Utilize AI tools and capabilities (e.g., Claude, Copilot) to drive efficiency, analyze feedback trends, and support product development across the business. 
Utilize tools to track progress, monitor performance by site, and tie outcomes to site-level financial data and business goals. 
Bring comprehensive subject-matter expertise and strong business-partnering skills, building rapport with individuals across diverse backgrounds and experience. 
Be a hands-on leader driving buy in and adopting the new process at each site. 
Actively work with the sites to iterate on the process to meets the sites abilities and needs. 
Foster a culture of continuous improvement through effective change management. 
Resolve conflicts that arise through the implementation of the new process and identify solutions. 
Driving initiatives while balancing pushback, knowing when to push for change vs. when to leave processes alone. 
Required Experience and Qualifications:  

Bachelor’s degree in related field and a minimum of 5 years of experience or a mix of education and experience.   
Experience with project management, especially managing projects across multiple sites and stakeholders within the organization.  
Operating experience working independently and cross-functionally within an organization, handling complex issues with minimal supervision.  
Experience with CRM systems and/or product development/product management. 
Comfort and experience using AI tools (e.g., ChatGPT, Claude, Copilot) to drive efficiency and capabilities in day-to-day work. 
Collaborative, flexible and innovative; the ideal candidate brings a positive, high-energy attitude with strong customer service skills. 
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with frequent change and evolving priorities. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Able to tailor communication style with all levels in the organization. 
 

Who we are! 

RESA Power is a dynamic, people first organization that prides itself on being the employer of choice in its industry! RESA is fortunate to have an extraordinarily talented group of people who take pride in everything they do! RESA Power has locations throughout the United States & Canada. We are a trusted service provider committed to ensuring the safety, performance, and compliance of electrical distribution systems. With a track record of long-term partnerships and excellence in customer experience for nearly a decade! 

Our Mission   

Ensure reliable and safe mission-critical power across our customers’ electrical infrastructure lifecycle.   

Our Vision    

To be the premier, first-choice, trusted provider in the US and Canada for critical power services and products by delivering the best customer and employee experience in the industry.  

 

Core Cultural Competencies 

We do it right 

We pride ourselves on our integrity and expertise. We don’t cut corners. 
You perform job responsibilities safely, efficiently, and thoroughly all day, every day. 
You conduct yourself professionally, ethically, and honestly. 
You display sound judgment and decision-making skills. You avoid choosing courses of action that assume    
        unreasonable risk to yourself or the Company. 

You are on time and preplan time off. 
You produce a quality product. 
We are customer driven  

Our number one concern is our customers and our long-term relationships with them prove our dedication. 
You approach job responsibilities with enthusiasm, professionalism, and in a customer focused manner. 
You promote goodwill by handling all contacts (example: coworkers, management, vendors, customers,   
         etc.) with respect, courtesy, cooperation, attentiveness and following instructions from management. 

We focus on growth  

We are dedicated to growing the company and our employees. 
You understand & apply your knowledge of techniques, policy, procedures, equipment, and skills involved in the job. 
You seek out new assignments and assume additional duties. 
You seek to expand your abilities (certifications, continuing ed, OTJ experience, etc.). 
We solve problems  

Every day is different, so we need to be innovative, decision makers, flexible and adaptable. 
You efficiently and thoroughly complete assignments. 
You perform work assignments independently. 
You propose new ideas and find better ways of doing things. 
We get it done  

We are efficient, reliable and no nonsense. We work hard, but we also play hard. 
You follow through on commitments in a timely way. 
You produce easily understandable and accurate reports that meet customer and/or Company expectations. 
You actively listen. You seek advice and help as appropriate. 
You can effectively deliver messages to a variety of individuals (RESA employees, vendors, customers, etc.). 
We build strong relationships  

Our leaders are servant leaders. We provide you with the support of a well-run company, but the     
        connectedness of a family.  We collaborate with each other and our customers. 

You collaborate to create the best solutions for each other and our customers. 
You build strong relationships within the team, across RESA departments and locations and with  
        customers and vendors.
