Company: Paylocity 
Job Title: Client Project Manager Ops

The Client Project Manager will own & execute critical projects in support of Paylocity’s largest, most complex, and highest-revenue clients. The Project Manager will engage with the Client, Client Service Manager, Account Manager and internal partners to ensure they have a complete understanding of the client’s business challenges and will work out unique solutions to resolve those issues. They will report to the Client Services Director and engage with the Client Services Manager to prioritize and execute projects and involve necessary internal stakeholders. This role requires proficient technical skills, attention to detail, strong sense of urgency, and comprehensive knowledge of our full Paylocity product suite. This role requires a combination of project management, product & system understanding, and client-facing responsibilities.



Primary Responsibilities
The below represents the primary duties of the position, others may be assigned as needed. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Efficiently manage projects using a combination of Microsoft OneDrive, Microsoft SharePoint, and Taskray
Define project scope, develop project plans and track and report out on progress
Gain an understanding of typical client business challenges and objectives and map Paylocity features/benefits to address these needs
Resolve a range of operational issues which impact regular Paylocity system usage on behalf of the client
Provide exceptional customer service to internal and external clients
Partner with necessary internal stakeholders to accomplish projects timely
Develop strong internal relationships with Sales, Client Services, and other Paylocity divisions to drive solutions that improve client satisfaction and meet client expectations
Partner with Client Services Manager, Account Manager, & Client Service Director to coordinate internal and external client teams to ensure that major project objectives are clear, roles and responsibilities are assigned, and timelines are met. Report ongoing progress to client's senior leadership.
Assist with quarterly business review process for each client in partnership with large client leaders
Identify any roadblocks on the projects & propose risk mitigation strategies
Identify HR, Finance, and/or IT opportunities and efficiencies that can be solved with Paylocity products or HCM solutions
Serve as a strong advocate for clients by representing their needs and requirements to internal stakeholders. Provide feedback to the relevant teams on client preferences, feature requests, and market trends and see through execution.
Identify opportunities for automation, product, and process improvement
Lead client calls to report on project task deliverables
Position will require travel to client up to 25%
Stay updated on industry trends, regulations, and best practices related to human resources, payroll, and benefits administration. Share relevant insights and knowledge with clients to help them stay ahead in their respective industries.
Other duties as designated by Client Services Director
Education and Experience

Bachelors degree or equivalent education and experience required
5-7 years project management or technical account management experience required
Previous client services & client-facing experience required
Excellent Project and Time Management skills required
Previous HCM or payroll service bureau experience strongly preferred
Ability to multi-task and frequently change priorities
Advanced skill set in Microsoft Excel (Vlookup, etc.)
Proven system knowledge on majority of Paylocity HCM suite preferred.
Ability to convey information clearly and persuasively
Excellent soft skills to interact with C-Level executives
Previous experience with product training and instructional design preferred.
Ability to influence stakeholders without authority to get deliverables completed
