Company: Randstad


Job Title: Solutions Delivery Consultant


We’re looking for a Solutions Delivery Consultant.
***This role will support a portfolio of clients in Pacific time zone - ideally candidates will reside in Pacific or Mountain time zone as office hours will need to align to our client portfolio.


How You Will Contribute

As a Solutions Delivery Consultant, you will act as a direct partner and consultant to both our internal and external customer stakeholders. Your main objective is to focus on improving our overall business efficiency and productivity by identifying, configuring, and developing strategic delivery, operational, and data-driven solutions. You will also be responsible for providing various levels of program and industry-based analytics to drive delivery-based operational effectiveness in our MSP, RPO, and SOW programs.


Your Responsibilities Include

Strategic Solutions & Growth: Drive the incremental growth and profitability of our client programs. Identify and support the design and implementation of additional services and solutions that add value to client delivery teams and customers.
Project Management: Responsible for the identification and management of solution-wide or practice projects, including overall process improvements, reporting suite changes, QBR/ABR delivery, and compliance education. You will also manage projects expanding beyond the customer portfolio impacting Client Delivery Optimization processes, tools, and initiatives.
Operational Excellence: Manage and participate in CBO projects, leading these initiatives as the best practice lead, SME, and/or direct contributor. Work to identify and solve challenges within client programs to create value-add through constant service maturity.
Policy & Training: Keep abreast of company policies, practices, and procedures so that all core training programs can be maintained.


Your Typical Day Includes

Providing direction to client delivery teams and clients regarding industry and market trends to help make impactful business decisions.
Compiling, monitoring, and measuring key data points to identify performance indicators against program and industry benchmarks , alongside monitoring and reporting on payroll, compliance, and other standard hiring practices.
Partnering with client delivery teams and clients to implement strategies impacting SLA attainment, hiring objectives, and customer satisfaction targets , as well as ensuring all invoices and payments are correctly accounted for.
Leading the QBR/ABR process from start to finish, including process management, data gathering/interpretation, functional team support, and content creation.
Identifying and supporting the implementation of process efficiencies while driving technology adoption.
Working directly with EDAO on Talent Radar, Enterprise Navigator, and Supplier Sonar dashboards to drive strategic business decisions.
Consulting with teams regarding current regional, state, and federal laws and providing SLA and KPI monitoring and improvement recommendations.


Key Relationships

Internal Teams: Work closely with Randstad account teams , EDAO, Supplier Strategy, and other functional teams to create comprehensive program and talent solutions.
Corporate Counterparts: Liaise with the CBO and corporate departments (payroll, IT, worker’s comp, and unemployment) for best practices and troubleshooting.
External Stakeholders: Partner directly with program suppliers, technology vendors, and clients to ensure adherence to contractual, financial, and service level agreements.
Specialized Teams: Partner with Talent and Market Intelligence teams to bring best practices and market-specific data to teams and clients.


Your Background

Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business Management or a related field highly preferred
Certifications: Six Sigma, PHR, SPHR, PMI, or similar certifications are preferred
Experience: 5–7 years of combined business, recruiting, and operational experience, including 5 years of experience in people management.


Key Capabilities & Competencies

Consultative Leadership: Superior consulting, leadership, management, interpersonal, and mentoring skills , with strong management skills grounded in people development and team building.
Client & Executive Presence: Strong customer focus and customer service skills with documented experience presenting to C-level executives.
Project Expertise: Demonstrated experience managing large, complex accounts or projects , as well as describing and documenting project or client requirements.
Quality & Detail Focus: Exceptionally detail-oriented with a concern for quality expressed by continually initiating system and process improvements.
Technical Requirements: Proficient using Google Suite and Microsoft Office tools, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook.


Together We Grow

When you join Randstad, you join:
A specialized team delivering tailored solutions for clients and talent, enabling meaningful impact.
An equitable, inclusive culture where everyone can contribute and thrive.
A workplace prioritizing growth and empowering teams to adapt and excel.
A company dedicated to supporting you to perform at your best.
A commitment to pay for performance with transparency, fairness, and competitiveness.


Our Purpose

Our purpose is deeply rooted in the belief that by knowing our clients and talent better than anyone else, we can make connections that change lives and transform businesses. We don’t just place people in jobs; we help create futures full of possibility — for our clients, talent, and communities.



Our culture is powered by ambition and collaboration, where everyone is driven to push boundaries and achieve success. At Randstad, we don’t settle for “good enough” — we’re committed to walking the extra mile, always striving for perfection while trusting each other to deliver results. You’ll be working in an environment that fosters both individual achievement and team success. We want our teams and talent to reflect the rich diversity of the societies we serve. We thrive for an environment of belonging, safety, and confidence so everyone can bring their whole selves to work and flourish.


Leadership Expectations

At Randstad, leadership is our shared language. Whether you are leading a team or driving your own career, you contribute to our goal of being the world's most equitable and specialized talent company. We lead across four core pillars:
We set direction: It is about anticipating and making decisions that will position Randstad for long-term success.
We achieve: It is about delivering on our goals and operational excellence.
We care: It is about the way we collaborate and work together, creating a sustainable and healthy culture.
Lead by example: It is about modelling the behaviors and standards we expect from others, demonstrating courage and accountability in every action.
