Company: Dematic


Job Title: Solution Consultant



As one of the most dynamic roles in the material handling industry, the Solution Consultant will collaborate with the Dematic Sales Organization to understand the future-state needs of existing and potential clients and translate those needs into automated material handling solutions. This client-facing role requires strong communication skills, including the ability to clearly explain complex concepts, and the ability to support clients’ best interests through structured analysis and solution development. 

Solution Consultants translate data and business-trend analysis into future-state automated solutions to help clients prepare for operational disruptions and evolving business needs.
The ideal candidate will have 5+ years of experience in warehouse and distribution operations and/or application expertise in material handling solutions, including mechanical design, machine controls, and an understanding of warehouse control software. Consulting experience is a plus.
This position will report to the Solution Development Consulting Manager, Solution Development North America.

Dematic is an intralogistics innovator that designs, builds and supports intelligent, automated solutions for manufacturing, warehouse and distribution environments for customers that are powering the future of commerce. With engineering centers, manufacturing facilities and service centers located in more than 25 countries, the Dematic global network of 10,000 employees has helped achieve more than 6,000 worldwide customer installations for some of the world’s leading brands. Headquartered in Atlanta, Dematic is a member of KION Group, one of the global leaders in industrial trucks and supply chain solutions, and a leading provider of warehouse automation.


KION Supply Chain Solutions (KION SCS) is an operating unit of the KION Group, consisting of the two strong and successful brands Dematic and DAI. Dematic is an intralogistics innovator that designs, builds and supports intelligent, automated solutions for manufacturing, warehouse and distribution environments for customers that are powering the future of commerce. The company is headquartered in Atlanta with engineering centers, manufacturing facilities and service centers located in more than 25 countries, and also owns the software company, Digital Applications International Limited (DAI).

DAI, acquired by Dematic in 2020, specializes in logistics automation solutions with offices in the US, UK and Switzerland.

The KION Group is among the world’s leading suppliers of industrial trucks and supply chain solutions and has a global network of more than 42,000 employees. Its portfolio encompasses forklift trucks and warehouse trucks, as well as integrated automation technology and software solutions for the optimization of supply chains. Across more than 100 countries worldwide, the KION Group’s solutions improve the flow of material and information within factories, warehouses, and distribution centers.

Our Linde and STILL forklift brands serve the premium industrial truck segment. Dematic is a global leader in automated material handling. Together, we are shaping the future and are among the best in our industry.

Our culture is driven by our shared KION Group values – integrity, collaboration, courage and excellence.


Tasks and Qualifications:
What You Will Do In This Role:

Develop solutions of varying size and complexity, owning concept development
Translate customer business requirements into practical solution concepts and design direction
Evaluate and compare solution options using structured methods to recommend the best approach
Estimate timelines and required resources to support successful project execution
Drive solution progress within project plans, working independently with guidance as needed
Identify risks, gaps, and dependencies and escalate appropriately
Apply judgment to solution options and support further analysis to strengthen recommendations
Define data collection and analysis approaches critical to solution design
Analyze customer data to develop design criteria and support defensible recommendations
Produce clear, professional design reports that communicate requirements and solutions
Define and qualify customer objectives and support opportunity pre-qualification
Partner with Sales and internal stakeholders to align on solution intent and assumptions
Support customer and internal solution discussions and build trusted-advisor relationships
Develop understanding of customer operations and operating strategies
Create clear written descriptions, layouts, drawings, and analytical outputs
Support preparation of proposal documents that accurately represent the solution
Stay current on technologies, operating strategies, and solution development methods
Continuously improve solution development practices and may serve as an SME in specific technologies
What We Are Looking For:

5+ years of experience in logistics and automation
Strong understanding of distribution center operations and material handling technologies
Proficiency in data analysis, concept development, and modern analytical tools
Excellent communication skills with customers, senior leaders, and cross-functional teams
Strong problem-solving skills and sound judgment
Ability to manage shifting priorities with focus, flexibility, and a positive approach
Comfortable learning new technologies and methods quickly
Bachelor’s degree in a related field required; master’s degree strongly preferred
Willingness to travel 25–50%
