Company: Acumatica


Job Title: ERP Implementation Consultant



The Implementation Consultant plans and manages all aspects of Acumatica Cloud ERP implementations. Working in conjunction with Acumatica partners and resellers, the IC acts as the key advisor, product advocate, and a project implementation resource. 


Roles and Responsibilities: 


Provide ongoing support & consultation to partners and end-users on their open Acumatica projects. 


Providing the best practice recommendations to customers to help optimize existing Acumatica processes. 


Conducting root cause analysis on system performance and stability issues and providing recommendations on how to avoid them in future. 


Build and Maintain relationships with customers and stakeholders through continuous engagement and support. 


Assist partners or in-house customers with up-front implementation discovery diligence, Project analysis, Scope of work creation, Proposal building, and complex Fit-Gap Analysis. 


Continuous strategy to align customer’s system processes with new product features. 


Support customers by answering challenging application questions, tracking issues that arise during the implementation process and resolving or escalating problems according to company guidelines that may arise. 


Working closely with various departments to leverage their expertise and resources, ensuring effective and timely resolutions to customer issues. 


Follow established processes and tools to document requirements, resolutions and escalations for customer issues. 


Assist with the development and implementation of new or improved service delivery strategies and initiatives. 


Craft, plan, and conduct product and technology presentations for partners and during field events such as conferences, seminars, etc. 


Provide user training and documentation on specific solutions to aid end-users in preparing for solution presentations. 




Qualifications

What you need to succeed: 


​You have a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Business Technology, Commerce or a related field of study. 


You have basic accounting understanding; Draw T-accounts for analytical uses, know basic accounting concepts – ledgers, sub-ledgers, debits and credits. 


You have installation and configuration experience with various Business Application Software (Mid-Market ERP). Software presentation and demonstration experience. ERP System Financial and ad-hoc report writing a plus. Microsoft Office applications and presentation tools. Experience with Microsoft SQL Server; SQL Server relational database concepts including database schemas and the ability to understand a relational database design. 


You are organized and analytical, and able to eliminate implementation obstacles through creative and adaptive approaches. 


You have strong presentation skills, can communicate professionally, and can Write reports, business correspondence, professional emails and procedure manuals. 


You can read, analyze, and interpret general business and technical information. 


You have 5+ years ERP software implementation experience in construction, including business consulting, project management, project definition, estimating, proposal writing, and engagement planning.  Experience in distribution, field services, supply chain, financials and/or Inventory ERP implementation is a plus. 


You are self-motivated with a proven track record in business software sales and knowledge of technology. 


You are comfortable in the dynamic atmosphere of a technical organization with a rapidly expanding customer base. 




Acumatica is a company on a mission. We are a leading innovator in cloud ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) solutions with growing businesses worldwide. But don’t take our word for it—read what analysts like G2, IDC, Nucleus Research, and Info-Tech have to say about us.


Acumatica is different by design and purposely built to help small and midsized companies thrive in today’s digital economy. Our industry-specific business management solution is engineered to address real-world needs—featuring intelligent workflows and market-leading usability that enable companies to manage risk, anticipate disruption, and seize new opportunities. Our principled business practices, growth-friendly licensing, and flexible deployment options put organizations in control of their own future. Acumatica is more than just a product—we are a community of partners, customers, and creators committed to elevating business performance. Our ecosystem is driven by collaboration, merging leading technology and real-world insights to put organizations control of their future. In May of 2025, Acumatica was acquired by Vista Equity Partners, a global investment firm focused on enterprise software, data and technology-enabled businesses.


Acumatica’s culture is collaborative and high-energy. We are passionate about our product and our mission, and we are loyal to each other and our company. We value work/life balance, efficiency, simplicity, freakishly friendly customer
