Company: The Home Depot


Job Title: Manager Project Integration - Merchandising


Position Purpose

The Manager Project Integration provides process management and support for all reset projects, including forecasting and budgeting, cost controls, project operational metrics, project financials, inventory purchasing and other activities that deliver the Merchandising business goals and create shareholder value.

Key Responsibilities

30% Financial Planning - Participate in preparation of the annual project budgets. Evaluate project cost/benefit analysis, set-up, inventories, change controls and SAP journal entries. Review project expenditures and ensures budgetary goals are met. Ensure capitalization and expense treatments are compliant.
25% Project Process Support - Provide business process requirements for activities including inventory, purchasing, logistic, system and execution. Identify opportunities for efficiencies and define business requirements for project management tools and infrastructure.
25% Strategic Analysis - Develop and utilize analytical financial & operational reporting. Perform financial analysis, root cause analysis, and project analysis for executive leadership team. Drive key functional metrics in focused areas. 
20% Collaboration and Relationship Management- Coordinate cross functionally to effectively execute THD merchandising initiatives.


Competencies

Demonstrated experience using accounting and finance principles and practices, including analysis and reporting of financial data.
Knowledge of business management and principles involved in strategic planning and resource allocation.
Proven ability to manage positive business partnerships and perform in complex cross-functional environment. Establishes and maintains two-way dialog with others on work and results.
Demonstrated ability to present complex terminology to diverse audiences at various levels (including executive leaders).
Strong analytical and logical problem-solving skills, with the ability to diagnosis problems and create solutions to solve complex problems. This includes understanding and applying business concepts from a variety of perspectives including finance and operations.
