Company: USAA


Job Title: P&C Product Management Analyst Consultant

Why USAA?

At USAA, our mission is to empower our members to achieve financial security through highly competitive products, exceptional service and trusted advice. We seek to be the #1 choice for the military community and their families.

Embrace a fulfilling career at USAA, where our core values – honesty, integrity, loyalty and service – define how we treat each other and our members. Be part of what truly makes us special and impactful.

We are proud to support active-duty military spouses. USAA roles may offer remote or hybrid flexibility for active-duty military spouses consistent with applicable policy and business needs.

The Opportunity

We are seeking a P&C Product Management Analyst Consultant to support P&C Personal Lines products for our members for the Go-To-Market (GTM) sub-region team comprising the states of Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma.

This role monitors, analyzes, and interprets data for property & casualty product line. Interprets complex data analysis to identify opportunities and challenges in assigned state(s). Develops recommendations to support product strategy with a deliberate focus on profitability, competitiveness, and sales performance for assigned state(s).

This role is remote eligible in the continental U.S. with occasional business travel. However, individuals residing within a 60-mile radius of a USAA office will be expected to work on-site four days per week.

What you'll do:

Analyzes complex internal and external data such as segment level performance, local market trends, cost benefit analysis, and weekly and monthly performance vs plan/forecast.
Develops recommendations related to multi-year strategic goals, policy/membership growth, product enhancements, and non-rate actions.
Formulates responses to routine and complex member inquiries elevated by Member Contact teams.
Interacts with, and at times directs, key stakeholders across the business to collect and analyze information that drives the business goals including but not limited to Underwriting, Marketing, Legal, IT.
Develops complex product dashboards and reporting in excel, Tableau, or other analytical tools to support the identification of key performance metrics such as results monitoring, competitive, position, and local market strategy execution.
Develops and delivers performance presentation briefing materials for business reviews with extended state team, leadership, and other stakeholders.
Understands and maintains expert knowledge of current state laws and regulatory environments for assigned states.
Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled in accordance with risk and compliance policies and procedures.
What you have:

Bachelor's degree in Business, Marketing, Supply Chain, or Statistics; OR 4 years of relevant education and/or experience.
4 years of relevant product or program management experience analyzing data and developing recommendations, or an advanced degree in Business, with 2 years of product or program management experience.
2 years of P&C experience.
Advanced skills using data querying tools and dashboards including excel, Tableau, or other analysis tools.
Knowledge of product related regulations, and risk and compliance requirements.
What sets you apart:

P&C Business Acumen, (product management, pricing, underwriting, product intelligence etc.)
Proven complex data analytical experience and the ability to demonstrate an aptitude for pulling data as well as analyze trends to make recommendations to leadership
Proficient knowledge of Excel, Snowflake, SQL, Tableau, or similar applications
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Consistent demonstration of leadership behaviors
US military experience gained through military service or gained as a military spouse / domestic partner.
