Company: Worldpay


Job Title:  Sales Solutions Consultant





Ready to take your career global?

Make your mark at one of the biggest names in payments. We’re looking for a Sales Solutions Consultant to join our enterprise team and help shape the future of global commerce.

What you'll own:

The Solution Consultant plays an integral role in the commercial process by utilizing product, technical and industry knowledge to provide comprehensive solutions for new and existing clients. You will uncover prospect requirements and identify product functionality to develop and recommend the best possible products/solutions and/or services for client prospects. This will be done through joint commercial presentations and product information sharing.

The role incorporates a high degree of internal and external partnerships and relationships. You possess a high technical aptitude with strong business comprehension. You are detail-oriented, possess strong presentation and communication skills. You are comfortable and confident in client-facing meetings and represent Worldpay at the highest level.

Support product in a pre-sales environment, by facilitating discussions with merchants regarding the payments industry, possible integrations, product, connectivity structure, and best practices.

Creation of solution and scoping of new business, from the technical/ financial/ operational discovery phase through handover to implementation team.

Support internal strategic initiatives when and where necessary with knowledge of Worldpay merchant platforms/functionality

Work closely with product, implementations, corporate support, and other key stakeholders

Time will be split between new business, existing business and assist product in product/delivery commercialization

Attend meetings / conferences / engage with partners (internal/external)

Build in-depth product knowledge effectively mastering the full suite of merchant products and platforms

What you'll bring:

Ability to build network internally – deep relationships with other teams

Excellent problem solving and presentation skills

Ability to network externally in payments (partners, providers, schemes, etc.)

Able to do competitive assessment

Be voice of customer for other teams (e.g. product, delivery, sales enablement)

Strong problem solving/solution design skills

Building understanding and trust

Working knowledge of current payment technologies in the industry and within Worldpay with desire to learn emerging capabilities, Understanding of Worldpay integration documentation, APIs, and an interest in technical payment solutions.

Added bonus if you have:

Change management experience

International experience

Cross cultural and language skills

Consultative approach to selling

About the team:

Our inclusive and global teams win together every day. We’re proud to have the best minds in the industry, who you can learn from as you grow your career. The people, the energy, the connections – it’s unmatched. Come and be part of an ever-evolving company and get dynamic opportunities that go beyond borders.

What makes a Globalpayer?

Globalpayers think like a client, act like an owner and win as one team. We’re curious and innovative – always finding better ways to deliver impact. We empower each other to make decisions, and it’s our passion that drives excellence in everything we set out to do.

Does this sound like you? Then you sound like a Globalpayer.
