Company: Crowe


Job Title: Performance Improvement Operations Consulting Manager



Your Journey at Crowe Starts Here:
At Crowe, you can build a meaningful and rewarding career. With real flexibility to balance work with life moments, you’re trusted to deliver results and make an impact. We embrace you for who you are, care for your well-being, and nurture your career. Everyone has equitable access to opportunities for career growth and leadership. Over our 80-year history, delivering excellent service through innovation has been a core part of our DNA across our audit, tax, and consulting groups. That’s why we continuously invest in innovative ideas, such as AI-enabled insights and technology-powered solutions, to enhance our services. Join us at Crowe and embark on a career where you can help shape the future of our industry.


More about Crowe:
Crowe (www.crowe.com) is one of the largest public accounting, consulting and technology firms in the United States. Crowe uses its deep industry expertise to provide audit services to public and private entities while also helping clients reach their goals with tax, advisory, risk and performance services. Crowe is recognized by many organizations as one of the country's best places to work. Crowe serves clients worldwide as an independent member of Crowe Global, one of the largest global accounting networks in the world. The network consists of more than 200 independent accounting and advisory services firms in more than 130 countries around the world.


Job Description:

Crowe’s Performance Improvement department in the Strategy & Transaction Advisory practice helps clients significantly improve their profitability by taking operational challenges, developing an executable improvement plan, quantifying the financial value associated with implementing the improvements, and partnering with our clients to capture the savings.

We are looking for an Operations Consulting Manager who can manage responsibilities including operational, financial, and process analysis, strategy development, process reengineering, and modeling, e.g., LEAN/Six Sigma, and continuous improvement, to deliver operational transformation.

Overview:

Responsible for taking a holistic approach to identifying business improvement opportunities developing solutions, managing initiatives, and identifying the resources and various disciplines needed to execute the process.  Specific consulting responsibilities include operational, financial and process analysis, strategy development, process reengineering, and modeling, e.g., LEAN/Six Sigma, and continuous improvement, to deliver operational transformation.

Essential skills & responsibilities include but are not limited to:

Perform assessments by conducting operational and shop-floor observations and utilizing analytical skills to understand client environments and associated financial opportunities

Develop and deploy internal controls and organizational metrics dashboards per regulations and/or client needs

Develop, manage, and lead continuous process improvement initiatives

Deliver training, coach, and mentor Project Champions

Execute a portion of the scope of work as assigned and ensure deliverables are achieved on time and within budget

Leverage the flexibility of Lean, Six Sigma, and Performance Improvement tools to enhance productivity while reducing costs



Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering, Operations Management, or a relevant degree is required

Minimum of five (5) years of manufacturing operations and/or consulting experience required, Operations consulting is a plus

Must be willing to travel Sunday evening to Thursday evening, weekly

Self-starter with a creative mind who takes initiative and ownership with a proven track record of putting ideas into practice and assessing results while maintaining strong business partnerships in a dynamic and fast-paced environment

Ability to build, manage, and foster a team-oriented environment

Ability to interact with the internal management team and external client contacts using strong leadership and communication skills

Proven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment

Excellent communication skills (written and oral) as evidenced by the ability to articulate complex technical concepts and business impacts to diverse audiences, including executives and stakeholders

Strong interpersonal communication, influencing, advanced Excel, and PowerPoint abilities are essential

Preferred Qualifications:

Advanced Degree: MBA, Master's degree in Industrial Engineering, Operations Management, or a related field.

Consulting Expertise: Extensive operations consulting experience, with a focus on driving large-scale performance improvements.

Technical Skills: Proficiency in PowerBI and other advanced analytical tools is highly advantageous.
