Information Technology Project Manager
Department of Veterans Affairs
Electronic Health Record Modernization
Office of Program Executive Director

As an IT Project Manager/Scrum Master, you will:

Lead multifaceted Information Technology (IT) software and infrastructure projects using waterfall, hybrid or agile delivery methods for the Railroad Retirement Board.
Work across functional and organizational lines and deal with the full range of issues and concerns associated with IT systems within the agency.
Manage project resources, including overseeing contractors and mentoring IT and business teams.
Develop and implement plans, providing cost-benefit analysis, designing and conducting analytical studies, managing resources, and defining objectives and risks.
Develop information systems testing strategies, identifying standards for infrastructure configuration, and developing information security plans and procedures.
Serve as an Agile scrum master for application development projects by developing and executing user/epic stories, roadmap, product backlog, sprints, Kanban tracking, retrospectives, etc.

For Grade GS-14:

Applicants must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below. Applicants must demonstrate possession of these competencies within the body of the resume; no separate statements addressing them are required.

Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.
-AND-

One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service.

Specialized Experience is experience that has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities/competencies to perform successfully the duties of the position and is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.

Specialized experience is defined as demonstrated experience:
Leading complex software and infrastructure IT projects using waterfall, hybrid, and Agile methodology.
Developing IT project plans that incorporate risk controls, testing/training needs, acceptance criteria, change management, and IT governance.
Executing IT project work by monitoring technical progress, updating activities in tracking tools, resolving system-related impediments, and ensuring all required IT deliverables are completed accurately and on schedule.
Planning and leading scrum ceremonies such as standups meetings, backlog grooming, sprint planning, sprint review (demonstrations), release planning, and sprint retrospectives.
Leading project teams and contractors by coaching, establishing goals, monitoring performance, and providing constructive feedback.
Managing stakeholder expectations by gathering input, resolving issues, and communicating project status to ensure transparency.

Qualifications
To qualify for this position, applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of this announcement, 07/24/2026.

For the GS-14: To meet the Competency-Based Qualification Standard for the Information Technology (IT) Management Series (2210), you must possess:
Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.

Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.

Decision Making - Makes sound, well-informed, and objective decisions; perceives the impact and implications of decisions; commits to action, even in uncertain situations, to accomplish organizational goals; causes change.

Information Management - Identifies a need for and knows where or how to gather information; organizes and maintains information or information management systems.

Interpersonal Skills - Shows understanding, friendliness, courtesy, tact, empathy, concern, and politeness to others; develops and maintains effective relationships with others; may include effectively dealing with individuals who are difficult, hostile, or distressed; relates well to people from varied backgrounds and different situations.

Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.

Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

Teamwork - Encourages and facilitates cooperation, pride, trust, and group identity; fosters commitment and team spirit; works with others to achieve goals.

Technical Competence - Uses knowledge that is acquired through formal training or on-the-job experience to perform one's job; works with, understands, and evaluates technical information related to the job; advises others on technical issues.

AND

Specialized Experience: GS-14 grade level: One year of specialized experience (equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the federal service); experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities (KSA's) and other characteristics to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled, in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization.

Specialized experience for this position includes but is not limited to: Leading project teams in advanced systems software/hardware project efforts. Functioning as a technical authority in project management disciplines such as requirements analysis, project planning, budgeting, cost analysis, configuration management, data management, information systems and network security assignments. Planning and designing systems architecture as they relate to Electronic Healthcare Records Management. Assuring software and systems functionality and quality. Ensuring extensive application of security/information assurance policies, principles, and practices to the delivery of application software services. Applying project management principles to large-scale, complex projects which entail the methods, metrics, tools, and techniques of Electronic Health Records Management.

OR

Applicants may also be considered to have satisfied the minimum qualification requirements for a position if they can present evidence that clearly justifies a high evaluation of their competence, such as one or more of the following:

Appropriate licensure, registration(s), certification(s); or
A substantial record of experience, achievement, and publications that demonstrates eminence in the appropriate profession/technical field.

Your qualifications will be evaluated based on your application materials (e.g., resume, supporting documents), your responses on the application questionnaire, and your responses to all assessments required for this position. You will be assessed on the following Competencies for this position:

Accountability
Attention to Detail
Customer Service
Decision Making
Flexibility
Influencing/Negotiating
Integrity/Honesty
Interpersonal Skills
Learning
Reading Comprehension
Reasoning
Self-Management
Stress Tolerance
Teamwork

