Company: Guidehouse


Job Title: Managing Consultant - Life Sciences Advisory - Market Access


About Us
Guidehouse is a global AI-led professional services firm delivering advisory, technology, and managed services to the commercial and government sectors. With an integrated business technology approach, Guidehouse drives efficiency and resilience in the healthcare, financial services, energy, infrastructure, and national security markets. Built to help clients across industries outwit complexity, the firm brings together approximately 18,000 professionals to achieve lasting impact and shape a meaningful future. 


Is life sciences in your DNA? Breakthroughs in pharma are helping people live healthier lives, while medical devices enable patients to proactively maintain health – this is undoubtedly a transformative time for health care companies. Guidehouse’s Life Sciences practice is an engine of innovation, helping pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device, and diagnostic companies develop custom solutions that tackle today’s challenges, while anticipating tomorrows. You will have an immediate impact by partnering with our clients, across all levels, to deliver product planning, pricing, reimbursement, product commercialization, and regulatory and compliance solutions. Do you think you are up for the challenge?

We continuously strive to foster an inclusive and diverse work culture and thoughtfully develop our people through challenging work, valuable learning and educational programs. We cultivate a culture of mentorship and feedback for professional and personal growth. We help our clients take control of their future. This mission extends to our employee's careers, health and well-being and by the many ways we give back to our communities.

What You Will Do:

The Value & Access team provides commercialization strategy and market access services to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Our client services range from pre-commercialization go-to-market planning to launch value story, pricing, and reimbursement strategies, impacting policies affecting the use and payment of our clients’ novel therapies.

You will be responsible for creating and implementing pricing and access strategies for a variety of pharmaceutical assets. This will involve working with senior staff to develop project proposals, managing consulting teams in the development and communication of client deliverables, and maintaining client relationships. Managing Consultants oversee multiple projects simultaneously.

Common responsibilities and expertise include:

Designing and managing project teams to execute various pharmaceutical market access and pricing strategy projects, both qualitative and quantitative

Strong market research skills required

Preferred candidates will have experience with various pricing methodologies (analog assessment, Van Westerndorp, Garbor Granger, Conjoint, etc.)

Designing and leading primary interviews with key stakeholders such as payers and KOLs

Deep experience with:

Part A / hospital inpatient pricing and reimbursement

Part B / medical benefit pricing

Part D / contracting

Calculating gross-to-net

Building Excel-based financial models to evaluate price-access scenarios and inform pricing recommendations

Strong understanding of health economic methodologies and value pricing constructs

Ability to construct practice economic analyses under a variety of settings of care and financial ecosystems

Familiarity with current pricing and access laws and proposed pricing policy

Track record of thought leaderships (written or podium)

Comfortable engaging with and presenting to executive level audience to deliver actionable insights and recommendations

Track record of training and developing junior consulting staff

Guidehouse encourages career development and hiring for the long term.  Managing Consultants follow a clearly defined career path. As Managing Consultants hone their project management skills, ability to manage multiple work streams, professional expertise, and client and business development skills, they progress to the position of Associate Director. 

What You Will Need:

Bachelor’s degree, a major course of study in science, biomedical engineering, business, or healthcare policy preferred.

4+ years of consulting or related business experience in market access, reimbursement, pricing, and/or health economics.

1-2 years of direct experience in client management and content delivery roles.

Strong understanding of the pharmaceutical industry, including drug development and launch. 

Experience developing, designing. and executing qualitative and quantitative market research.

Strong verbal and written communication skills.

Proficiency in Microsoft Office Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook.

What Would Be Nice To Have:

Graduate level degree in business or other health-related fields (e.g., MBA, MPH, MS, PhD)

Excellent project managers, strong team players, take initiative, and think strategically and creatively.

A track record in mentoring junior staff members and managing successful projects is highly preferred..

Track record of promotion within a firm or achievement that shows ability to take on progressively more responsibility.

Keen attention to detail.

Superior written and verbal communication skills.

