Company: OMP


Job Title: Supply Chain Implementation Consultant

Atlanta, US - Delivery department
We’re a game changer that optimizes supply chains of the world’s leading companies with our very own smart software and services.

Do you enjoy solving complex supply chain problems? Are you passionate about adding value to Fortune 500 companies? Ready to join a place where smart solutions meet human collaboration?

If you answered yes, you might be the Supply Chain Consultant we’re looking for. 


Our company

We’re a leading game changer that optimizes supply chains with our very own smart software and services. With a team of 1,400+ passionate, creative minds from over 70 nationalities, we help the world’s largest companies to run their supply chains more efficiently and sustainably. Our customers include BASF, Johnson & Johnson, L’Oréal, Nestlé, and Procter & Gamble.

Ready to be smart with heart? Join our team where technical expertise and human connection create solutions that scale globally and make a lasting impression.
 


Your challenge
As a supply chain consultant, you equip customers with supply chain planning solutions. You analyze planning challenges, assist in the solution design, implement and validate the solution, and ensure a smooth go-live. Customers rely on your support throughout the entire project life cycle.

You are responsible for:

Finding clever planning solutions in collaboration with our solution architects to ensure an impeccable, high-quality implementation.
Implementing the solution from start to finish, together with the customer’s project team.
Providing expertise during and after implementation.
Training customers so they get the most of their solution.
Documenting the implemented solutions by providing technical descriptions to your fellow consultants and functional notes to the customer.
Although you’ll be visiting customers regularly (about 20% of your time), you won’t be outsourced. In this way you remain rooted in our team of experts and consultants.


About you
Essential talents and qualifications:

Strong analytical skills, preferably complemented with a Master's degree with a specialization in Production Management, Logistics, or similar.
A strong affinity for IT as you need to be willing to learn an entirely new software package.
Basic programming skills.
The flexibility to travel.
Fluent in English.
A passion for working in a multinational customer-driven environment.
A friendly and open attitude.
A born team player.
Soft skills
Communicative Team player Collaborative in a global context Pragmatic Passionate
Hard skills
Analytical skills Supply chain planning knowledge Basic programming skills
