Company: The Clorox Company 

Job Title: Senior Analyst, Global External Manufacturing

Clorox is the place that’s committed to growth – for our people and our brands. Guided by our purpose and values, and with people at the center of everything we do, we believe every one of us can make a positive impact on consumers, communities and teammates. Join our team. #CloroxIsThePlace

Your role at Clorox:

The Senior External Manufacturing Analyst acts as a key liaison for materials management, bridging material suppliers and external manufacturing partners to support end-to-end supply chain execution—from procurement through the delivery of finished goods.

In this role, the Sr. EMA partners closely with the External Manufacturing organization and External Operations Managers (EOMs) to provide SAP expertise, process guidance, training, reporting, and continuous improvement support. The position is responsible for collaborating with outsourced partners and internal stakeholders to ensure production plans are effectively executed. This includes developing and delivering structured training programs, driving process standardization and continuous improvement, maintaining system integrity, and leading issue investigation and resolution. The role also emphasizes coaching and reinforcing procedural adherence to ensure consistent, stable execution across the External Manufacturing network.
In this role, you will:

Serve as a Clorox operational contact for External Manufacturers concerning materials ordering management to support the production plan.
Coordinate manufacturing activities at external and/or business partner manufacturing sites, including but not limited to: managing POs and deviations, handling EM MTW STO, assisting EMs with Supplier Managed Inventory processes, supporting EMs FGs STO process, and enlisting support from others who will provide any required associated reports and technical expertise.
Develop, update, and deliver training as required to the External Manufacturers and the External Operations Managers.  Coordinate and obtain resources required to deliver training.
Collaborate with EOM, SME’s and Process Owners to develop, document and keep current procedures for all External Manufacturing specific activities.
Update and maintain External Manufacturing training in MS Teams Channel, SharePoint Copack List, SAP calendars and other supportive databases.
Develop, coordinate, and maintain monthly EM Reports including the EM dashboard and other KPI Metrics Reports.
Initiate and maintain regular dialogue with stakeholders (ex: EOMs, Planning, SCLs, Deployment, DC Operations and Transportation) to resolve and prevent issues and to enhance mutual understanding of process.
Identify continuous improvement opportunities.
Act as liaison to cross functional partners and stakeholders for issue resolution including but not limited to:
Issue ownership
Identifying and resolving process gaps
Identifying and communicating training gaps
Audit SAP BOM accuracy
Procedural coaching
Support all investigations which concern manufacturing or associated shipping operations, when required.
Support EOMs when partnering with Clorox cross functional partners for root cause corrective action.
Cultivate and maintain positive relationships with all stakeholders.
Other duties as assigned.
What we look for:

4+ years in a supply chain technology, supply chain/inventory management, manufacturing, or customer facing role
BS/BA degree or equivalent work experience in business, logistics, inventory management or related field.
Power BI experience is highly preferred.
Knowledge of manufacturing processes and supply chain management. 
Experience in identifying, initiating, and driving improvements to processes and work streams.
Proven ability to solve problems while effectively navigating ambiguity
Strong attention to detail with demonstrated capability to manage competing demands and drive results across multiple workstreams
Highly motivated self-starter with a strong sense of ownership and accountability for outcomes
Possess the ability to present in front of small groups and provide training in a public environment.
High proficiency with computer systems and software to include MS Suite and experience in using SAP or similar ERP applications (preferred).
Strong interpersonal, analytical, verbal/written communication, time management, organizational, and prioritization skills
Power BI knowledge or experience preferred: ability to create and/or maintain PBI data and reporting.
Experience with process development and continuous improvement
Ability to learn and adjust quickly to new processes and procedures
Ability to work and make decisions independently in a fast-paced environment

About Us
Who we are. 

We champion people to be well and thrive every single day. We’re proud to be in every corner of homes, schools, and offices—making daily life simpler and easier through our beloved brands. Working with us, you’ll join a team of passionate problem solvers and relentless innovators fueled by curiosity, growth, and progress. We relish taking on new, interesting challenges that allow our people to collaborate and thrive at work. And most importantly, we care about each other as multifaceted, whole humans. Join us as we reimagine what’s possible and work with purpose to make a difference in the world.

This is the place where doing the right thing matters.

Doing the right thing is the compass that guides every decision we make—and we’re proud to be globally recognized and awarded for our continuous corporate responsibility efforts. Clorox is a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation's New Plastics Economy Global Commitment. The Clorox Company and its Foundation prioritize giving back to the communities we call home and contribute millions annually in combined cash grants, product donations, and cause-marketing. For more information, visit TheCloroxCompany.com and follow us on social media at @CloroxCo.
