Company: Intuit


Job Title: Senior Pre-Sales Engineer, Mid Market


Company Overview
Intuit is the global financial technology platform that powers prosperity for the people and communities we serve. With approximately 100 million customers worldwide using products such as TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, and Mailchimp, we believe that everyone should have the opportunity to prosper. We never stop working to find new, innovative ways to make that possible.

Job Overview
Come join one of the fastest-growing business units at Intuit! Nothing is more important to us than the success of our customers, which is why we are investing in the growth of this vital piece of our ecosystem. We are problem solvers, strategic thinkers, solution seekers, and consultative experts who use the latest tools and technology to solve our customers’ most important problems. The solutions we present to each client are backed by collaborative cross-functional teams. We serve customers by ﬁnding more ways to put more money in their pockets, eliminating work and drudgery so they can focus on their lives and what matters to them, and ensuring that every ﬁnancial decision that they make, they make it with conﬁdence.

That means we won’t simply sell products — we consult and listen deeply to understand our customers’ business needs. As part of Intuit’s Sales organization, every day presents an opportunity to evolve, grow your career, and unlock your potential. When you win, we win as a sales team.

The Mid-Market Sales Team consists of highly professional and passionate salespeople focused on delivering a world class solution to our customers. The Senior Sales Engineer is responsible for partnering with Mid-Market sales teams to help gain an understanding of the business owner’s needs. Additionally, providing technical demonstrations and removing barriers to advance the sale. This role will help accelerate knowledge, proactively address learning needs, and provide feedback across the organization.

You will conduct product demonstrations, manage technical validation activities, and ultimately help develop the business case for the customer during the sales cycle. You also will act as liaison between sales, the customer and Intuit’s product teams.


Responsibilities

Deliver sales and product training as needed to the Mid-Market sales teams.
Collaborate with both Product and Marketing to build and manage a repository of seller facing content, videos, and training.
Navigate selling processes while fostering deep understanding of key partners and their abilities to deliver against the customer’s needs in the buying process.
Drive results in key success areas, including territory/team quota attainment, close rates and customer facing activities.
Proactively make solution recommendations to drive customer improvements.
Articulate the Intuit value propositions for the key industry focus area of responsibility and having the understanding of Intuit’s strategies and products relative to major competitors.
Role model Intuit’s values and foster a collaborative and inclusive environment.
Deliver sales and product training as needed to the Mid-Market sales teams.
Collaborate with both Product and Marketing to build and manage a repository of seller facing content, videos, and training.
Navigate selling processes while fostering deep understanding of key partners and their abilities to deliver against the customer’s needs in the buying process.
Drive results in key success areas, including territory/team quota attainment, close rates and customer facing activities.
Proactively make solution recommendations to drive customer improvements.
Articulate the Intuit value propositions for the key industry focus area of responsibility and having the understanding of Intuit’s strategies and products relative to major competitors.
Role model Intuit’s values and foster a collaborative and inclusive environment.

Qualifications

3+ years presales or relevant experience
Professional presentation skills with clear ability to utilize tools to deliver a compelling ROI for the customer, utilizing the Intuit Enterprise Suite.
Excellent interpersonal, communication, persuasion, and presentation skills.
Good understanding of APIs
Ability to develop training content as well as sales assets quickly, and as needed.
Outstanding problem solving skills.
Ability to adapt and be flexible in a fast paced and changing environment.
Strong drive for learning.
Highly driven and requires little guidance while delivering high quality work.
Must be willing to work in a fast paced startup environment with multiple roles
Technical Acumen with the ability to speak to current technology trends and demonstrate the capabilities of the Intuit Enterprise Suite.
Ability to understand the entire Intuit portfolio of products and services.
Proactive and able to self-manage in a fast paced environment.
Work well within a team of various stakeholders (Product Team, Sales Leadership Teams, Product Marketing Teams).
Track record of collaborating and inﬂuencing in a sales team environment.
Bachelor’s degree preferred.
