Company: Rippling 
Job Title: Implementation Specialist, Platform


Rippling’s Professional Services team is responsible for ensuring customers see incredible business transformations by maximizing the value of our core Platform- including custom workflows, advanced reports/analytics, permission profiles, and approvals. 

Professional Services engagements are consultative and customized based on the customers’ unique needs/pain points.

The ideal candidate is a customer advocate, product advocate, and natural problem solver. This role specifically, is technical. A candidate who is strong in Excel/ SQL and is curious about technology and platforms will succeed. 

What you will do 
Ensure our customers are set up for success with our core platform:
Discover our customers' business needs and priorities
Solution customer’s business needs/priorities via workflows, reports, permissions and approvals
Build custom workflows, formula fields (requires you to build queries in RQL), advanced reports, permission profiles, and approvals 
Train customers on the core platform
Deliver to key KPI’s: project completions, CSAT, and adoption/exit gate adherence
Work cross-functionally with CX, product, and marketing to maximize product adoption.
Design and document new use cases for our platform. 
Train our internal and external teams through webinars
Contribute to our knowledge base and serve as a subject matter expert on the Platform 
Actively contribute to the development of new Platform features 
Coordinate with product and engineering teams to support new use cases. 
Assist with user testing and beta programs for new features. 
What you will need
2+ years of SaaS experience in professional services, implementation, or customer success
An ability to build relationships with customers
An ability to manage a book of business and control the customer’s implementation experience
A curiosity for product/technology
Strong preference 
Experience writing your own SQL queries
Prior experience working at an HR/IT SaaS company 
Ruthless prioritization and time management
Strong attention to detail and ability to solve complex, interdependent problems
Boundless energy to help other teams and your customers...all with a “can-do” attitude!
Flexible to scaling and changing organizations and responsibilities
Experience working with product and engineering teams to build and launch new products or features
