Company: Crowe


Job Title:  Senior Sourcing Analyst, IT and AI Procurement






Your Journey at Crowe Starts Here:

At Crowe, you can build a meaningful and rewarding career. With real flexibility to balance work with life moments, you’re trusted to deliver results and make an impact. We embrace you for who you are, care for your well-being, and nurture your career. Everyone has equitable access to opportunities for career growth and leadership. Over our 80-year history, delivering excellent service through innovation has been a core part of our DNA across our audit, tax, and consulting groups. That’s why we continuously invest in innovative ideas, such as AI-enabled insights and technology-powered solutions, to enhance our services. Join us at Crowe and embark on a career where you can help shape the future of our industry.

More about Crowe:
Crowe is one of the largest public accounting, consulting and technology firms in the United States. Crowe uses its deep industry expertise to provide audit services to public and private entities while also helping clients reach their goals with tax, advisory, risk and performance services. Crowe is recognized by many organizations as one of the country's best places to work. Crowe serves clients worldwide as an independent member of Crowe Global, one of the largest global accounting networks in the world. The network consists of more than 200 independent accounting and advisory services firms in more than 130 countries around the world.


Responsibilities:

Support sourcing projects, strategies, contract execution.

Conduct spend/usage analyses, market research, and supplier landscape to identify cost savings, risk mitigation, and value creation opportunities.

Partner with stakeholders to define business requirements, develop RFx’s, and evaluate vendor proposals

Support negotiation strategies for vendor agreements, statements of work (SOWs), software licensing agreements, and other commercial contracts.

Collaborate with Legal, Finance, Security, and stakeholders throughout the contract review and execution process

Identify opportunities for demand management and operational efficiencies

Lead project planning, stakeholder communications, and status reporting

Deliver presentations, recommendations, to stakeholders and leadership


Qualifications:

3 to 5+ years of experience in Strategic Sourcing, Procurement, Category Management, Supply Chain with a focus on technology spend required

Bachelors degree in Supply Chain Management, Business, Finance, IT, Mathematics, other related field required

Sourcing and vendor contracting for software, SaaS, cloud services, AI solutions, technology consulting, telecommunications, and other IT-related categories.

Knowledge of AI technologies and AI service providers such as ChatGPT, Claude, Microsoft Copilot

Experience utilizing AI tools such as ChatGPT, Claude, Microsoft Copilot

Experience reviewing, negotiating contracts in partnership with Legal teams

Previous experience in a professional services or public accounting environment is a plus

Advanced Microsoft Excel skills

Excellent verbal, written, presentation, and stakeholder management skills

Experience with contract lifecycle management (Icertis, other)

Proficiency in Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft 365 applications
