Company: BlackLine


Job Title: Principal Presales Consultant




It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing!

At BlackLine, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications.

Since being founded in 2001, BlackLine has become a leading provider of cloud software that automates and controls the entire financial close process. Our vision is to modernize the finance and accounting function to enable greater operational effectiveness and agility, and we are committed to delivering innovative solutions and services to empower accounting and finance leaders around the world to achieve Modern Finance.

 

Being a best-in-class SaaS Company, we understand that bringing in new ideas and innovative technology is mission critical. At BlackLine we are always working with new, cutting edge technology that encourages our teams to learn something new and expand their creativity and technical skillset that will accelerate their careers.

 

Work, Play and Grow at BlackLine!


Make Your Mark:

The Principal Solutions Consultant will perform and demonstrate all of BlackLine's accounting modules to prospective customers. Principal Solutions Consultants will support the sales team and their development of positive and effective relationships with prospective clients and internal departments to ensure prospective client expectations are exceeded.  


You'll Get To:

Partner with the Sales team through answering prospect technical, software, and accounting questions 
Perform needs analysis calls on prospective clients to thoroughly and accurately understand their challenges 
Keep current on new product functionality and its proper use 
Deliver relevant and pertinent demonstrations of all BlackLine modules based on prospect needs 
Complete ROI Analysis for prospective clients 
Assist with completion and review of requests for proposal and information (RFPs and RFIs) 
Provide and review BlackLine best practices, use case scenarios and prospective client stories both internally and externally (including community) to assist prospective clients with expanded use of application functionality 
Serve as a Moderator in the BlackLine Community  
Educate prospects and clients through webinars, on-site training presentations, and trials 
Prepare and deliver effective custom demonstrations using prospect data 
Provide coverage, education, and application expertise by attending client/prospect roundtables, conferences and other events 
Document relevant activities in Salesforce and other tools as assigned 
Serve as a mentor to Solutions Consultants and Senior Solutions Consultants 
Work with the Solution Consulting Enablement team to improve the quality of BlackLine demonstration systems 
Participate in product review activities to provide insight in desired enhancements to BlackLine solutions 
Other duties as assigned 

What You'll Bring:

Extensive experience creating and delivering compelling presentations for BlackLine Solutions 
Strong ability to demonstrate and persuade using influencing skills and relating to prospective customers in a consultative manner 
Strong communication and teamwork skills 
Demonstrated ability to build relationships and trust with prospects/clients 
Proven ability to understand and address prospective client objections 
Strong ability to match product functionality to the prospects' business needs 
Demonstrate integrity, trustworthiness, and good judgment 
Expert knowledge of the operation of commercial business accounting departments 
Strong accounting knowledge 
Minimum 4 years enterprise level experience as a Solutions Consultant 
Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Economics, or Business Administration or work equivalent  
Previous enterprise level experience as a Solutions Consultant 

Thrive at BlackLine Because You Are Joining:

A technology-based company with a sense of adventure and a vision for the future. Every door at BlackLine is open. Just bring your brains, your problem-solving skills, and be part of a winning team at the world's most trusted name in Finance Automation!
A culture that is kind, open, and accepting. It's a place where people can embrace what makes them unique, and the mix of cultural backgrounds and varying interests cultivates diverse thought and perspectives.
A culture where BlackLiner's continued growth and learning is empowered. BlackLine offers a wide variety of professional development seminars and inclusive affinity groups to celebrate and support our diversity.
