Company: Barracuda


Job Title: Partner Success Manager I



About the job
Job ID 27-0218

Come join our passionate team! Barracuda is a leading cybersecurity company providing complete protection against complex threats. Our platform protects email, data, applications, and networks with innovative solutions, and a managed XDR service, to strengthen cyber resilience. Hundreds of thousands of IT professionals and managed service providers worldwide trust us to protect and support them with solutions that are easy to buy, deploy, and use.

We know a diverse workforce adds to our collective value and strength as an organization. Barracuda Networks is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, committed to equal employment opportunity and equitable compensation regardless of race, gender, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, or disability.

Envision Yourself at Barracuda

The Partner Success Manager is responsible for driving post-sales relationships, driving product adoption, and identifying upsell or cross-sell opportunities. They develop strategic success plans aligned with MSP business strategies and manage product/service delivery in association with cross-functional teams. They work with account management teams in analyzing sales data and improving sales processes. The selected candidate will be hybrid in our Chelmsford, MA or Alpharetta, GA office.

What You’ll Be Working On

Owns the post-sales relationship with Barracuda’s MSP's, drives greater adoption of products and/or services, and promotes upsell/cross-sell opportunities.
Formulates and executes partner success strategies that align MSPs’ business strategies to Barracuda products and services.
Works with MSP's and Barracuda stakeholders to prevent or remediate any challenges faced by internal MSP teams in using Barracuda’s products/services.
Operates as primary point of contact for multiple product lines, while supporting the MSP journey with Barracuda.
Builds and manages the customized product delivery to the MSP's technology environment.
Reaches out to MSP's proactively to offer support, share best practices, and provide value-added insights.
Provides training and resources to help MSP's and junior team members understand how to use Barracuda product/services effectively.
Collaborates with the broader sales teams to develop success plans, assess customer health, identify expansion opportunities, and ensure renewals.
Engages and coordinates customer delivery across Barracuda Networks team members including engineering and professional services.
Leverages specialized partner success knowledge in breadth and/or depth to a variety of issues/projects within the team.
Works in a project-oriented manner contributing towards team-level goals, and works closely with multiple teams to identify MSP needs and provide tailored solutions.
Supports account management team in analyzing sales data and/or developing strategies for sales' process improvement. 

What You Bring To The Role

3+ years of experience in sales operations, account management, partner success or equivalent 
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in Sales, Business Administration or equivalent
Proven success managing and expanding SaaS or subscription-based revenue across existing customer accounts. 
Hands-on experience with Partner Success tools (e.g., Gainsight) and CRM platforms. 
Exceptional communication skills, including active listening, clear written and verbal communication, and confident presentation abilities. 
Strong problem‑solving and project‑management capabilities, with excellent interpersonal and organizational skills. 
Highly self‑sufficient; able to navigate ambiguity, collaborate with multiple stakeholders, and operate with minimal oversight. 
Self‑motivated team player who brings proactive ideas to drive customer loyalty, product adoption, and long-term engagement. 
Outstanding time‑management skills with the ability to prioritize effectively in a fast‑paced environment. 

What You’ll Get From Us

A team where you can voice your opinion, make an impact, and where you and your experience are valued. Internal mobility - there are many opportunities for cross training and the ability to define your next career step within Barracuda. We support employees who want to explore other areas of interest.
