Company: Iterable




Job Title: Solutions Consultant





Iterable is the leading AI-powered customer engagement platform that helps leading brands like Redfin, SeatGeek, Priceline, Calm, and Box create dynamic, individualized experiences at scale. Our platform empowers organizations to activate customer data, design seamless cross-channel interactions, and optimize engagement—all with enterprise-grade security and compliance. Today, nearly 1,200 brands across 50+ countries rely on Iterable to drive growth, deepen customer relationships, and deliver joyful customer experiences.

Our success is powered by extraordinary people who bring our core values—Be an Owner, Growth Mindset, Run as One, Transparency —to life. We foster a culture of innovation, collaboration, and inclusion, where ideas are valued and individuals are empowered to do their best work. That’s why we’ve been recognized as one of Inc’s Best Workplaces and Fastest Growing Companies, and were recognized on Forbes’ list of America’s Best Startup Employers in 2022. Notably, Iterable has also been listed on Wealthfront’s Career Launching Companies List and has held a top 10 ranking on the Top 25 Companies Where Women Want to Work.

With a global presence—including offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, London, and Lisbon, plus remote employees worldwide—we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome candidates from all backgrounds and encourage you to apply. Learn more about our story and mission on our Culture and About Us pages. Let’s shape the future of customer engagement together!

How you will make an impact:

The Solutions Consulting team is made up of motivated, tech-savvy communicators – team players who make an impact across the whole organization. This is a pre-sales role that sits at the intersection of Sales, Product, Engineering, and Marketing -- you're looked at not just as a product expert, but as a thought leader and trusted advisor that helps drive the future of the Iterable platform. You’ll constantly be learning and applying a broad range of skills, collaborating with diverse internal and external teams – guiding marketers, tech teams, product managers, and C-level executives on how to best unlock the full value of Iterable.

We're looking to expand our growing organization with teammates who are intellectually curious and willing to embrace challenges, all while keeping our company values of Humility, Trust, Growth Mindset, and Balance top of mind. 

By learning about prospects’ goals, crafting solutions, and giving feedback you’ll have daily opportunities to hone your sales and technical presentation skills. You’ll demonstrate the power and value of the Iterable platform using creative brainstorming, critical thinking, and problem-solving. You will also get to tackle a broad range of situations beyond sales presentations, including internal education and technical projects.  

One of our core values is Growth Mindset and Iterable is a company where everyone can grow. If this is a role that excites you, please do apply as we value applicants for the skills they bring beyond a job description.

How you will make a difference:

Work closely as a strategic partner with our Enterprise Account Executives and Customer Account Managers to assess deal challenges and think critically to provide solutions
Generate excitement around the Iterable platform by delivering compelling custom and technical presentations tailored to diverse audiences
Investigate prospects' technical landscape to provide a seamless integration recommendation and consult on optimal data flow to support business outcomes
Build deep relationships with prospects and technical stakeholders
Create well-documented solutions from initial scoping through to successful handoff to our Professional Services team
Play a major role in helping to close large SaaS enterprise deals
Liaison cross-functionally with internal teams to deliver new features and drive adoption of the Iterable platform
Continually invest in your own career through opportunities that enable you to grow professional interests that coincide with the growth of our organization
Have the opportunity to get on-site with prospects and existing customers when warranted
We are looking for people who:

3+ years of SaaS/MarTech presales experience, with a proven track record of navigating complex enterprise deal cycles.
Strong technical fluency, including hands-on experience with APIs, JSON data structures, technical scoping, and ideally, leveraging AI/LLMs for efficiency.
Knowledge of the MarTech ecosystem, including Mobile Integrations/SDKs, CDPs, Data Warehousing, ETLs, and iPaaS solutions.
Expert discovery and value-selling skills, with the ability to uncover the "why behind the why," create constructive tension, and seamlessly align technical features to customer pain points.
Exceptional communication and presentation skills, with a knack for building rapid trust with key technical stakeholders.
A deeply curious, self-motivated mindset with a passion for researching, testing, and mastering cutting-edge technology.
A highly collaborative team player who embraces challenges, constantly iterates, and willingly shares knowledge to uplift those around them.
