Company: ECI Software Solutions




Job Title: Implementation Consultant




About the job
ECI is seeking a highly motivated, dynamic, high-energy, hands-on professional to join our Implementation team focused on providing best in quality ERP system implementations to small and medium sized residential construction contractor businesses. This position is responsible for guiding new Bolt customers through successful implementation by understanding their business processes, providing consultative support on best practices, and ensuring effective operationalization of the software. The role includes driving core feature adoption, delivering training to support customer enablement, and setting them up for long-term success. Working at ECI is an opportunity to work in an established growing company and fast-paced work environment that provides challenging, creative, and interesting work as part of a professional team.

This position is remote within the United States.

Responsibilities

Lead new customer implementations following ECI’s standard methodology.
Drive customer satisfaction and ensure a smooth transition to Bolt software solution.
Own implementation training and coaching from the statement of work (SOW) through project completion.
Manage implementation projects, overseeing system setup, configuration, and training.
Guide customers on data definition and best practices for software utilization.
Conduct remote and onsite training sessions across all product areas.
Continuously expand industry knowledge of residential homebuilding and trade contracting.
Monitor new customers’ software adoption and proactively address usage challenges.
Optimize customer workflows to maximize product utilization and satisfaction.
Assist in data-building projects to accelerate implementations.
Deliver engaging educational presentations for customers and prospects.
Contribute to product documentation and learning management system materials.
Provide internal training and knowledge sharing with team members.
Support colleagues in resolving customer usage issues as needed.
Maintain accurate and timely administrative records, including time tracking, recap reports, and expense submissions.

Knowledge, Skills, Ability, Education And Experience

A Bachelor’s degree with a major in business administration, business information systems, construction management, accounting, finance or a relevant discipline or equivalent years of experience.
2+ years of progressive experience of full life cycle project implementation experience with comparable ERP software as an end user, consultant or implementation specialist.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work with both prospective and existing customers to define project requirements
Ability to manage customer needs and set proper customer expectations
Strong analytical, problem solving, organizational, and project management skills
Self-motivated and the ability to work independently as well as work effectively in a team environment
Excellent typing and computer skills, and proficient with Microsoft Office applications.
Ability to travel up to 50%

A Real Plus

Demonstrated leadership and vision in managing projects
Excellent interpersonal skills and a collaborative service style
A demonstrated commitment to high professional ethical standards
Excels at operating in a fast-paced environment
Excellent trainer, open to direction, a collaborative work style, and commitment to get the job done
Creative ability to look at situations from all relevant points of view
Product expertise
Ability to work under pressure, meet deadlines and work on multiple projects at once
Project Management Certification(s)
Prior travel-related experience
MBA or relevant graduate degree or studies, and previous experience in construction, software, consulting, manufacturing or related field
Bilingual in Spanish is a huge plus!
