Company: QTS
Job Title: Process Manager, Real Estate Program Management



Description
It’s exhilarating to find yourself at a pivotal moment in history— and even more so to be leading the way. At QTS Data Centers, we are proud to stand at the forefront of today’s dynamic digital transformation. Our world-class data centers empower our customers’ most strategic growth initiatives, positioning us as a global leader in digital infrastructure.


As AI and cloud technologies fuel the demand for increased speed, capacity, and innovation, QTS has emerged as the global digital infrastructure leader. We are committed to connecting the globe for good. Driven by purpose and a spirit of innovation, we design, build, and operate some of the most advanced data centers worldwide. In addition to our cutting-edge technology, we are dedicated to sustainability, incorporating renewable energy solutions to minimize our environmental footprint and drive meaningful impact. As a proud portfolio company of Blackstone, QTS is uniquely positioned to achieve ambitious growth and innovation goals.


At QTS, we are Powered by People. Our team members are the cornerstone of our culture, innovation, and growth. They are mission-driven, resourceful, and committed to making a positive impact in the communities where we live and work. Together, we’re achieving remarkable things and shaping the future of digital infrastructure.


Who You Are:

The Process Manager, Real Estate Program Management serves as the centralized point of coordination for business integration process execution for the successful planning, coordination, and execution of large-scale hyperscale data center projects. This role will work closely with data center design, procurement, construction, finance, legal, sales, and delivery teams to enable project teams by consolidating and distributing information, coordinating cross-functional workflows, and ensuring consistent day-to-day execution of established processes. The position plays a critical role in maintaining operational alignment across business units and ensuring processes are functioning effectively in support of client delivery.

What You Will Do:

Serve as the primary point of coordination for business integration process execution across data center delivery projects, ensuring alignment of standardized day-to-day activities.
Serve as the connective layer across business integration teams.
Consolidate project-level inputs, updates, and deliverables into standardized, portfolio-level communication flows.
Ensure that critical data is consistently accessible, clear, and distributed across cross-functional stakeholders.
Coordinate and facilitate cross-functional workstreams between key stakeholders (Legal, Development, Construction, Finance, Operations, and Sales).
Support project teams by ensuring they have access to standardized processes, required inputs and documentation, and clear communication channels.
Identify gaps in information flow or process execution to resolve them in real time.
Reinforce consistent use of defined tools, trackers, and communication frameworks.
Continuously refine and improve process and communication workstreams as needed in conjunction with the Business Integration Change Management team.
What You Will Need to be Successful:

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent relevant experience.
5+ years of experience in data center delivery, construction, change management, process management, real estate development, business integration, or related field
Experience managing standardized processes and operational workflows
Strong ability to collaborate across teams and influence stakeholders without direct authority
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
High proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Project).
Strong organizational and multitasking ability.
Self-motivated and adaptable.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively.
Capable of meeting tight deadlines.
