Company: State Farm


Job Title: Product Analyst, Sharing Economy




Responsibilities

We are seeking an experienced Analyst to join the Sharing Economy Practice in State Farm's Product Line Management department. The selected candidate will be responsible for creating and supporting Sharing Economy Products within the admitted and excess and surplus (E&S) markets. The team is responsible for creating and supporting innovative large commercial products tailored for Transportation Network Companies, Delivery Network Companies, and Last Mile Delivery Companies. Additional consideration will be given to candidates with experience in the E&S market.

Primary Responsibilities

Develops and applies key insights and capabilities for commercial insurance exposures and products for the sharing economy. 
Serves as a subject matter resource for the organization on P&C commercial lines specific to the digital economy. 
Collaborates extensively with multiple enterprise departments including but not limited to claims, actuarial, risk management, legal and underwriting partners. 
Apply expertise in the E&S market to develop and support products for the large, commercial, Sharing Economy clients and grow State Farm's Sharing Economy Practice. 
Collaborate with various departments within State Farm regarding product development and support. 
Advocate for the unique needs of Sharing Economy policyholders. 
Share industry knowledge to enhance product offerings and infrastructure. 

Qualifications

3+ years' experience in large commercial auto underwriting and/or broker/account management (carrier or brokerage); Sharing Economy experience strongly preferred. 
Advanced knowledge of P&C Industry, underwriting concepts, practices, procedures and techniques, including but not limited to coverage issues, product lines, pricing, risk selection, actuarial concepts, reinsurance, DOI Regulations and competitive landscape preferred. 
Experience working B2B and knowledge of excess and surplus, sharing economy, commercial lines, and auto underwriting preferred. 
Strong project management skills, able to manage competing priorities, and ability to own and drive projects to completion. 
Past successes creating immediate credibility as an extremely capable business expert. 
Understanding of primary level insurance needs of Sharing Economy companies, direct experience in this market is preferred. 
Experience with large, complex auto coverages. 
Experience with non-admitted reporting. 
High-level understanding of P&C rate making, policy/forms creation, and filings. 
Experience working with insurance brokers is beneficial. 

Required Skills And Competencies

Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and work effectively and collaboratively within team settings and build partnerships both internal and external. 
Strong analytical, interpersonal, and communication skills with the ability to effectively interact with all levels of management and external audiences. 
Flexibility and adaptability in a dynamic work environment. 
Initiative to drive projects and take proactive steps in problem-solving. 
Ability to work both independently and with a group. 
Critical thinking to analyze and address complex issues. 
Customer focus to understand and meet the needs of policyholders. 
Vision to foresee and plan for future market trends and demands as well as ability to envision requirements of a policy administration, billing and payment, and customer relationship management systems. 
Ability to influence other’s ability to understand the Sharing Economy market and how it's needs are different than other markets State Farm is accustomed to addressing.
