#separator:tab
#html:false
#tags column:3
A team member keeps missing deadlines. First move?	Talk with them to find the root cause before you escalate, replace, or report.	manager
Two CISSP answers both look correct. Tiebreaker?	Pick the one that reduces risk at the policy or management level, not the technical fix.	manager
What is always the top priority in a CISSP scenario?	Human life and safety. People before assets or data.	manager
You discover a security incident mid-project. First step?	Follow the documented incident response plan; do not improvise.	manager
Manager mindset in one line?	Zoom out to risk, people, and process. Do not act like the technician.	manager
Root cause or symptom: which does the manager choose?	Root cause. Fix why it happened, not just what you can see.	manager
Proactive or reactive: which answer usually wins?	Proactive. Prevention outranks response.	manager
A stakeholder wants a change that skips the process. Response?	Route it through the documented change control process before acting.	manager
PMI-preferred response to team conflict?	The servant leader facilitates a conversation to resolve the root cause and protect the team.	manager
Before deciding, the manager weighs what?	Business impact, risk, and cost, then decides.	manager
A fast technical fix would solve it now but breaks policy. Do what?	Follow policy. Governance and process beat the heroic fix.	manager
Threat risk responses (PMP)?	Avoid, transfer, mitigate, accept.	manager
Opportunity risk responses (PMP)?	Exploit, share, enhance, accept.	manager
Who decides acceptable risk for the organization?	Senior management or the business/data owner, not the technician.	manager
First step when a known risk becomes an issue?	Consult the risk register and execute the pre-planned response.	manager
Two team members are in conflict. Escalate to the sponsor first?	No. Resolve it at your level first; escalate only if it stays unresolved.	manager
Security priority order when answers compete?	Protect people first, then follow policy, then reduce business risk.	manager
The exam rewards the answer that is...?	Proactive, root-cause, people-first, policy-driven, and business-aware.	manager
How does this mindset help in interviews?	Same instinct: lead with the point, diagnose the real problem, show governance-level judgment.	manager
