Company: Shopify


Job Title: Professional Services Delivery Manager


About the role
The Delivery Manager within Shopify Professional Services works on unique projects primarily focused on external engagements with high-growth, high-volume merchants both new and currently on Shopify. We seek opportunities that push the boundaries of commerce and help reform the narrative of what is possible on Shopify through managing the delivery of projects that benefit merchants and demonstrate the power of our platform. We strive to engage with our internal stakeholders, Merchants and Partners to collaboratively run successful projects. We are more than achieving a defined list of results, we provide the connective glue that enables the various organization cultures to produce the best desired outcomes.

The projects we execute provide an amazing opportunity to extract learnings that we then bring internally to inform our product and engineering teams. A successful applicant should have a working understanding of different frameworks and methodologies to apply given a particular project dynamic. We want to constantly improve our craft, learning and incorporating lessons from previous projects is just as important as the projects we execute on.

Responsibilities:
Initiate, plan, execute and lead merchant engagements, including the tracking of internal resources and bringing people and teams together to achieve objectives.

Be positioned as the point of contact for merchants or their partners to connect with any cross functional team inside Shopify.

Management of projects within a portfolio from initiation to completion using industry best practices, using SDLC, Agile, Lean and/or waterfall methodologies.

Provide project and ecommerce expertise through sharing Shopify best practices and seek to adopt new and innovative industry trends.

Help to raise the bar for the team by continuously improving the methodology and approach to managing projects, creating templates and project assets, and mentoring junior team members.

Build and apply AI tooling to project work to accelerate progress and enhance the quality of output.

Own the successful, efficient onboarding of Enterprise merchants new to Shopify to the platform or portions of it.

Ensure merchant requirements are documented and adhered to throughout the course of the project, managing scope creep and stakeholder expectations.

Work with and coordinate internal teams and leadership to populate required legal documents in order to initiate project work. This includes MSAs, SOWs and other forms of documentation.

Track, and report on project progress and roadblocks requiring escalation for the portfolio of projects managed by the team.

Track relevant team capacity and resource allocation, and manage project budgets.

Build relationships at multiple levels within a partner and merchant’s organization using executive presence to fully understand their business and their approach to commerce innovation.

Leverage the merchant relationship to identify more growth opportunities inside the Shopify offerings. Assist with merchant or partner opportunity nurturing through partnering with the engagement team.

Qualifications:
Proven experience in managing high-complexity projects, consistently delivering results on time and within scope.

Demonstrated success in leading cross-functional projects and teams, particularly in software development and deployment environments.

Strong technical acumen with the ability to engage effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders to gather requirements and define desired outcomes while managing expectations.

Deep understanding of Shopify’s product offerings and ecosystem, with experience leveraging Shopify tools and features to drive project success and enhance merchant outcomes.

Experience with using and building AI project tools, and applying reflexive AI in day to day project work

Familiarity with Agile and Scrum methodologies

Strong financial acumen with experience in managing project budgets and providing financial insights to stakeholders.

Exceptional writing and presentation skills, capable of communicating merchant feedback clearly to diverse audiences and all levels of leadership.

A consultative mindset with the ability to apply flexible discovery techniques to uncover merchant needs.

Proven track record of establishing trust and credibility as a trusted advisor, prioritizing the merchant experience in all interactions.

Capacity to juggle multiple projects simultaneously while addressing internal needs, including the development of documentation, templates, and delivery techniques.

Outstanding organizational skills, especially in managing a variety of projects within a portfolio.

Thrive in a high-impact, high-performance environment, demonstrating resilience and adaptability.

Willingness to travel occasionally for on-site meetings.

Nice to have:
Certifications such as PMP or PMI-ACP (or similar) are advantageous but not mandatory.

Familiarity with change management methodologies and leading digital transformation projects is an asset.

Expertise in resource allocation to optimize team capacity and project efficiency.

About Shopify
Opportunity is not evenly distributed. Shopify puts independence within reach for anyone with a dream to start a business. We propel entrepreneurs and enterprises to scale the heights of their potential. Since 2006, we’ve grown to over 8,300 employees and generated over $1 trillion in sales for millions of merchants in 175 countries.

This is life-defining work that directly impacts people’s lives as much as it transforms your own. This is putting the power of the few in the hands of the many, is a future with more voices rather than fewer, and is creating more choices instead of an elite option.

About you
Moving at our pace brings a lot of change, complexity, and ambiguity—and a little bit of chaos. Shopifolk thrive on that and are comfortable being uncomfortable. That means Shopify is not the right place for everyone.

Before you apply, consider if you can:
Care deeply about what you do and about making commerce better for everyone
Excel by seeking professional and personal hypergrowth
Keep up with an unrelenting pace (the week, not the quarter)
Be resilient and resourceful in face of ambiguity and thrive on (rather than endure) change
Bring critical thought and opinion
Put AI agents and tools to work on the tasks they're built for, and focus on the work only humans can do
Embrace differences and disagreement to get shit done and move forward
Work digital-first for your daily work
