Company: Cognizant


Job Title:  Consultant


About Cognizant Consulting

Cognizant Consulting is more than Cognizant’s consulting practice—we’re a global community of 6,000+ experts dedicated to helping clients reimagine their business. Blending our deep industry and technology advisory capability, we create innovative business solutions for Fortune 500 clients. And now, we’re looking for our next colleague who’ll join us in shaping the future of business. Could it be you?

Position Overview

The Cognizant Consulting team is a successful organization that is continually growing our client base. As a Consultant, you play a meaningful role with responsibilities that range from analyzing a client's issues/objectives and interviewing key client stakeholders to developing recommendations and authoring presentations. You will participate in strategic advisory, transformation projects, and career advancement opportunities.

Your role as a full-time COIN (Consultant Incubator) Consultant will be to deliver immediate value to clients by working with a project-based team of consultants. Consultants help assess the client’s business and technology challenges and deliver innovative solutions. With a structured promotional path, COIN Consultants facilitate the requirements analysis process, develop strong working relationships with business partners, and build domain expertise across Cognizant Consulting. Additionally, COIN Consultants will continue to hone personal career skills, learning from a wide variety of subject matter experts and an award-winning learning and development program. At the conclusion of the program, you will specialize as a Senior Consultant, in a role that aligns with your interests and career aspirations, where you will be prepared to handle a variety of business opportunities and lead teams. Our associates' diverse set of backgrounds offer varied perspectives and fuel new ways of thinking. We encourage lively discussions which inspire better results for our clients.

Responsibilities

Develop relevant industry and technology knowledge
Draw conclusions from market / industry trends and client issues
Support go-to-market initiatives for Cognizant
Facilitate working sessions with clients
Work collaboratively within teams using company accelerators and methodologies to present and implement strategic and technology solutions
Research industry initiatives, identify and respond to client opportunities and develop client deliverables
Contribute to research, design and writing of articles/whitepapers and participate as a team member in collateral development
Support business development activities in the form of gathering best practices for RFI/RFP responses and help write proposals
Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Business (Finance, Economics, Operations Management), Computer Science, Information Systems, or Engineering
Ability to grasp business needs and assess impacts to complex business operations and systems
Ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment
Excellent written and verbal communication
Proven capabilities in teamwork and leadership
Strong interest in technology and digital modernization
Self-motivated
Strong work ethic with a dedication to client service excellence
Ability to work as part of a cross-cultural team, including flexibility to support multiple time zones when vital
Proven Microsoft Office skills including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Access, and Project
