Company: Blue Yonder


Job Title: Program Manager





Blue Yonder Title:

Program Manager - Supply Chain Execution Solutions

Other comparable titles:

Delivery Manager, Agilist, Software Implementation Project Manager, Consulting Project Manager, TMS Project Manager, Program Manager.

Location:

US - Remote + 30% travel

Overview:

Seeking a leader with a strong functional and technical foundation in the supply chain execution space delivering enterprise SaaS solutions in Warehouse, Transportation Management.
We value individuals with a desire to implement cutting edge AI/ML based SaaS solutions and a strong sense of urgency when faced with obstacles.
The ability to quickly build trust and establish strong relationships with customers through the implementation process is a must.
Scope:

Core responsibilities to include leadership and management of complex projects with multiple project managers, partners, and cross-functional internal teams for Blue Yonder SaaS customers.
The team is comprised of Project Managers, Program Managers and Practice Directors  servicing Industrial, 3PL and manufacturing customers, primarily in the SCE space.
Our current technical environment:

Smartsheet, Sharepoint, JIRA, Salesforce

What you’ll do:

Use your functional and technical skillset to identify potential challenges and risks to implementation projects and leverage the organization appropriately to avoid them where possible, raising them to leadership’s attention early when not.
Keep the teams on track to delivery plans and apply creative solutions to recover timelines when necessary.
Adopt an ‘everyone is in sales’ mentality to identify additional opportunities which would drive value for Blue Yonder customers.
Confidently lead Blue Yonder customers new to the SaaS journey, pulling in the right team members from across the organization at the appropriate time.
What we are looking for:

Demonstrable experience in delivering large-scale and complex, Cloud based enterprise applications.
Experience in leading enterprise-level integration projects using various API management platforms, integration architecture and integration methodologies.
Prior experience as a functional or technical consultant for enterprise supply chain applications.
Demonstrable ability to adapt various project management methodologies, particularly Agile, in a flexible way.
Demonstrable experience in identifying strengths and weaknesses of team members to leverage in the best possible way to ensure successful delivery of projects.
A personable demeanor with the ability to build strong interpersonal relationships with leadership, peers, customers, project reports and cross-functional teams, quickly instilling trust in your leadership.
A heightened sense of urgency with a strong passion for quickly delivering value for customers.
